It was presented by Barry and Paul Elliott, better known as the Chuckle Brothers.
This is a list of civil parishes in the ceremonial county of Shropshire, England.
The film was released worldwide on 12 August 2016 to generally mixed reviews from critics.
Cycling England ceased to exist as a public body on 1 April 2011.
Gianfredo Camesi (born 24 March 1940) is a Swiss painter.
These can include masks, drums, textile decoration, beadwork, carving, sculpture, ceramic in various forms, housing and the person themselves.
The license is widespread internationally and is recognized by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO).
Hirtaeschopalaea dorsana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Happy Man Park is one of the tourist attractions of Mysore city in Karnataka province, India.
Haskayne is ranked as one of the top business schools in Canada and Top 100 in the world.
He further showed that it could be used as a high-quality feed for dairy cattle.
The bushy-tailed opossum (Glironia venusta) is an opossum from South America.
Each leaf is made up of lobed, hairy leaflets each one or two centimeters long.
Joan of Arc was originally surveyed as part of the Smithsonian's Save Outdoor Sculpture! survey in 1994.
Advance polls were open October 5, 6, 7, 8 and 12, 13, 16 and 17.
Hans Raastad (born 8 May 1943) was a leader of the Workers' Youth League in Norway from 1969 - 1971.
They have to make base, secure food, shelter and safety and complete tasks set by the Army.
Katz is the founder and head of the "Art and Faith" program at Mikhlelet Yerushalayim in Bayit Vegan, Jerusalem.
It is their first original album since 2007's Secret Weapon.
It is located between the towns of Aberlady, Drem, Haddington and Longniddry and is approximately 20 miles from Edinburgh.
It was the 66th edition of the tournament and was held from 1 April through 12 April 1969.
The area contains Town Fields, a large area of public land based on Town Moor Avenue.
Acanthocephala is a New World genus of true bugs in the family Coreidae.
Marico Commando was a light infantry regiment of the South African Army.
This is a list of the governors of colonies, protectorates, or other dependencies in 1738.
It can lead to intolerance and forms of collective action.
Agasanuru is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
Birgit Kowalczik (born 21 October 1967) is a German swimmer.
Serixia quadrina is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
This is a list of countries by irrigated land area based on The World Factbook.
Conecuh County School District is a school district in Conecuh County, Alabama.
This is a list of adoption dates of the Gregorian calendar per country.
This was approved on September 14, 2010, changing WJOJ officially from Harrisville to Rust Twp.
It is the birthplace of Gigi Riva, a footballer of Cagliari and Italy.
The Mediterranean pine vole (Microtus duodecimcostatus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
The 1944 Victorian Football League season was the 48th season of the elite Australian rules football competition.
Mable's 2015 class includes a wider variety of business models.
As of 2014 it had a population of 23,018 people.
The complex includes the lime kiln, smoke house and weave house.
Winter Symphony is the fourth album release from Jennifer Thomas, and her first Christmas album.
In 1960, it moved to Thursdays and became Hi-Fi Club, running for several more months.
It presents a confused account of the history's origins, mixing history and mythology.
It combines the elements of music, video production, literature and social commitment.
Fox is a Spanish television channel owned by Fox International.
Figure of the French rock scene, he was discovered in 1983 with the song "Cargo".
Kollywood actress Trisha Krishnan resides on 2nd lane while UB Group chairman Vijay Mallya has a house on 2nd lane.
The station is located underground on two levels, below the site of a former mainline terminus.
The Orange Grove Flour Mill was a flour mill established in 1856.
PlayStation Plus members in the PAL region during 2014, covering Europe, the Middle East, South Asia, Africa and Oceania.
Rock the Vote is known for its celebrity spokespeople and its partnership with MTV.
Walton is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm medium pace.
Fawn Lake Township is a township in Todd County, Minnesota, United States.
Rupert Nicholas Hambro CBE (born 1943) is a British heir, banker, businessman and philanthropist.
Their songs were often funny and strange story-songs or character sketches.
Nikitinia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
The Atsugewi and Miwok of California used the tuberous roots of this plant for food.
Divisjon season was the 18th season of ice hockey in Norway.
As head of the PDD list, Sourou-Migan Apithy was elected.
The station opened for service on May 12, 2017, and is located near the southern end of Midtown Detroit.
He played 57 times for the French club in two seasons.
Anacrusis ruptimacula is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.
Their disruption of the protective tissue around the boll is a portal of entry for other insects and fungi.
In 1974, it obtained its final title, Western Journal of Medicine, which was styled as wjm from 1999 on.
She retired from acting in 1996 after her first marriage, though later did some television serials.
In 2016-17 there were the largest number of injuries ever.
In 1993, he led the operation that resulted in the death of Medellin Cartel founder Pablo Escobar.
Thammanoon Sriroj (born 24 June 1969) is a Thai professional golfer who plays on the Asian Tour.
Rohraband is a neighborhood in Dhanbad in Jharkhand state, India.
This House Possessed is a 1981 American made-for-television horror film starring Parker Stevenson and Slim Pickens.
A closed ecological system must contain at least one autotrophic organism.
MDMAT (6,7-methylenedioxy-N-methyl-2-aminotetralin) is a putative, non-neurotoxic, selective serotonin releasing agent (SSRA) and entactogen drug.
According to this documentary, Forster attempted suicide by stabbing himself with a crudely fashioned knife.
Manager Davey Johnson was fired after the season and replaced with bench coach Jim Tracy.
She is the daughter of men's head coach Wayne Tinkle of Oregon State University.
Diet Coke with Citrus Zest is produced by the Coca-Cola Company and was introduced in 2007.
Cheek teeth are sometimes separated from the incisors by a gap called a diastema.
Mensch Markus is a German television series, starring Markus Maria Profitlich.
It has been held each year since 1957.The most successful program are Simon Fraser, with 17 NAIA national titles.
OSRM supports Linux, FreeBSD, Windows, and Mac OS X platform.
Kate Lutkins (born 31 May 1988) is an Australian rules footballer playing for the Brisbane Lions in the AFL Women's.
BitTorrent files and links can be accessed in different geographic locations and legal jurisdictions.
Paul Ludwig Gill (1894 - 1938) was an American watercolor painter and teacher.
Another example is the use of a firearm to signal the start of a race.
This informs and supports the Buddhist approach to liberation via ethical and meditative training known as the Noble Eightfold Path.
Hakkipikki and other local names for the people mean 'bird catchers'.
During the years 1887 and 1888, he also engaged in the insurance business in Chicago.
It was designated a Grade II-listed building on 30 January 1968.
Nestotus stenophyllus is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name narrowleaf mock goldenweed.
At the 2016 Australian Census, the suburb recorded a population of around 1,200.
The film is based on the 2009 comics of same name by John Layman and Rob Guillory.
Limeport is home to Limeport Stadium, a historic baseball stadium.
Congress defined "language minority" to include "persons who are American Indian, Asian American, Alaskan Natives or of Spanish heritage."
They then flourished in West Africa's two greatest civilisations the Mali Empire and the Songhai Empire.
Noronha vireo (Vireo gracilirostris) is a species of bird in the family Vireonidae.
Mirganj is a town and a notified area in Gopalganj district in the Indian state of Bihar.
Kanata Manayunk is an unincorporated community in Turkey Creek Township, Kosciusko County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
Twin Valley Farms is an unincorporated community in Richmond County, in the U.S. state of Virginia.
The premier and executive council are then selected internally by the MLAs at the first special sitting of the legislature.
It was first published in 1798 by the sensationalist Minerva Press.
Ships scheduled for break-up are sometimes intentionally beached to make the procedure easier.
Ethan Frome is a book published in 1911 by the Pulitzer Prize-winning American author Edith Wharton.
Another, under the title Essayes or Counsels, Civill and Morall, was published in 1625 with 58 essays.
This hosted talks by notable historians of the East India Company such as Nick Robins.
The Road Transport Authority of Myanmar is part of that country's Ministry of Rail Transportation.
Since then, other non-USA MasterWorks Festivals have taken place in Winchester, England, and in China.
Brownea coccinea is a species in the subfamily Caesalpinioideae of the family Fabaceae.
It is in Kelowna, British Columbia, in the Okanagan Valley wine region.
Constraints could also be used to guide the selection of a clustering model among several possible solutions.
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Wayne County, Michigan.
Vinyl LP versions of the album have been reissued several times.
Lee Do-hui (born July 15, 1971) is a South Korean sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s.
Bates allowed six baserunners (three hits and three walks) and five earned runs in 1.2 innings.
Aligning them by the 2-pop would ensure proper synchronization during playback.
A year later he captured the WBA International Lightweight Title after knocking down Hungary's Zoltan Kalocsai.
Police emergency wagon is a North American term for a station wagon put into police use with police car variants.
Seneca Falls is a hamlet (and census-designated place) in Seneca County, New York, in the United States.
The album's title and cover allude to the board game of the same name.
Switzerland is a landlocked country, hence all Swiss islands are located in lakes or rivers.
It follows another sister from the Convent of St Mortain, Sybella.
The first molecular phylogenetic study to include Soyauxia placed it in Peridiscaceae.
In contrast, the small bathroom was recognized as crew bathroom and was used by the general population.
He competed in the men's 50 kilometers walk at the 1956 Summer Olympics.
It was developed after 1890, and includes several fine examples of Victorian and early-20th century commercial buildings.
The company continues under the leadership of Vraney's widow, Lisa Petrucci.
While there is not a universal standard regarding taste, birthday cakes are often vanilla-, chocolate-, or strawberry-flavored.
The operation began in 2006 and its mandate has been altered twice since then.
Herbert H. Slatery III (born March 8, 1952) is an American attorney from the state of Tennessee.
EPSs constitute 50% to 90% of a biofilm's total organic matter.
Programs are accredited by the Accreditation Council for Business Schools and Programs.
Treadmill Ridge is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia.
He had been an inline speed skater before switching to ice.
Locally inhabitants speak Kuirei dialect which belongs to the Tibeto-Burman language family.
This song which had appeared on the original release is now named "My Girl". .
Philco was an Italian professional cycling team that existed from 1960 to 1962.
Use of the library continued to grow throughout the 1980s and 1990s.
These media do provide consistent drying times, increase the paint film flexibility, and promote adhesion between paint layers.
Hart now fronts the Dallas-based band Dark Rooms, who released their self-titled LP in May 2013.
I Manfredi, son of Alberghetto and the last was Astorre Manfredi IV.
Various tribes including the Achakzai, Syeds, Khurasani, and Khiljis are residents of the area.
It was described in Popular Mechanics as "perhaps the most completely and carefully documented sighting of all time".
Arfaptin-2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the ARFIP2 gene.
Our Lady and St Bede Catholic Academy offers GCSEs and BTECs as programs of study for pupils.
As a result, the Jockey Club has formally ended its link with the regulation of the sport.
In 2003, Gene Robinson was the first non-celibate openly gay person ordained as a bishop in documented Christian history.
Humphreys has worked with The Creative Partnership since the 1990s and Tartan Films since the 2000s.
In many portions it is a mere copy of William Hutchinson's 'Spirit of Masonry,' published in 1775.
In the mid 20th century it was one of the larger employers in the city.
Principal photography started on August 12, 1974, and ended in late September 1974.
The Bourbon Red is a breed of domestic turkey named for its unique reddish plumage and for Bourbon County, Kentucky.
Finally, it acquired Vickers Defense Systems from Rolls-Royce in October 2002.
Spathiurus is an extinct genus of prehistoric ray-finned fish that lived during the Campanian.
Photo manipulation includes automatic thumbnails, resizing, rotation, and flipping, among other things.
The 2007 CECAFA Cup is the 31st edition of the football tournament that involves teams from East and Central Africa.
However, it can handle up to 450 if the aircraft is unloaded in stages.
She has also served as a City Councilwoman in Houston, Texas for three terms.
The film stars Sari Maritza, Gene Raymond, Marguerite Churchill, Irving Pichel, Harry Beresford and Kent Taylor.
He was the first Hispanic to serve as White House Counsel.
The New York Bay Railroad merged into the United New Jersey Railroad and Canal Company February 29, 1956.
Bruce Nauman (born December 6, 1941) is an American artist.
Rangers FC won the Honiara FA League 8 times in: 1985, 1988, 1991, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998 and 1999.
Fish in the family are known variously as boxfishes, cofferfishes, cowfishes and trunkfishes.
Sir Leo Fernando, CBE (18 November 1895 - 30 November 1954) was a Ceylonese businessman and politician.
In November 2015, it was reported that only 18 Syrian Jews remain in the entire country.
There are various ways of expressing condolences to the victims.
He is primarily known for his short stories and one-act plays in Gujarati literature.
He was educated at Trinity College Foochow and ordained in 1923.
They played their home games at Arrowhead Pond in Anaheim, California.
The application is available to Business Premium subscribers to Office 365.
The project's main aim is to demonstrate a sustainable development in environmental, social, and economic terms.
There were a total of 26 participating athletes, with the final held on Sunday August 14, 1983.
Privilege is the fifth album by English rock band Television Personalities.
Between late August and early October, the group supported Dashboard Confessional on their headlining US tour.
The successor of vice-president Noli de Castro is Jejomar Binay, the 15th vice president of the Philippines.
He won an All-Ireland medal in 1942 as well as back-to-back Leinster medals.
The Drive Prep School is a mixed independent school located in Hove in the English county of East Sussex.
The winning team will represent South America in the 2014 Summer Youth Olympic Football Tournament.
Port Gibson Female College was a female seminary, founded in Port Gibson, Mississippi, in 1843.
One SZ has a red finish and the other has a natural finish with a five piece neck.
Beeston Hill is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
She wanted someone who could shield her from the difficulties of a theatrical career.
Barakhamba monument is a tomb of an unknown individual, a high nobleman.
This offers significant cost savings to the financial services industry and regulators.
Males and females look mostly alike, though the female Papuan mountain pigeon has a grayer belly than the male.
Del Sur is an unincorporated community in the Mojave Desert, in Los Angeles County, California.
Elaphropus subfumatus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Trechinae.
"More" was chosen as background music for a Monster.com commercial in 2001.
Colomer has worked in the media of sculpture, video, and installation art.
The thirteen stories feature the amateur detective Miss Marple, her nephew Raymond West, and her friend Sir Henry Clithering.
Anyolo served as the Ordinary of the Catholic Diocese of Kericho, Kenya, until March 22, 2003.On February 20, 2002 Msgr.
In the later part of his life he returned to Austria and worked on restoring medieval castles.
Blepephaeus nigrostigma is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Zuckerman Unbound is a 1981 novel by the American author Philip Roth.
North Bay is located on the traditional territory of the Nipissing First Nation peoples.
C. paradoxa has two cyanelles or chloroplasts where photosynthesis occurs.
It was followed by the singles "Somebody to Love" and "U Smile".
Ahmose was an Ancient Egyptian queen in the Eighteenth Dynasty.
The film stars Smita Patil, Amol Palekar, Anant Nag, Naseeruddin Shah and Amrish Puri.
Built in 1882-1883, it was designed by architect Robert S. Schuyler of nearby Fernandina.
The King is believed to be a descendant of Ojugbelu Arere, the pioneer Olowo of Owo.
Peter Suschitzky, A.S.C. (born July 25, 1941) is a British cinematographer and photographer.
Dharma is a 1998 Tamil action film directed by Keyaar.
The motorcycles were later found by police at the local Mongrel Mob headquarters but had been set on fire.
Bherai is a village in Rajula Taluka of Amreli district, Gujarat, India.
A Weekend in the City and was set to be the fourth single released from the album.
Licensed to Jesup, Georgia, United States; The station is currently owned by Jesup Broadcasting Corp.
Lily Pond is a lake of Shelburne District, in Nova Scotia, Canada.
Plans also included upgrades to existing facilities and addition of new rides and attractions.
Lake Angelus consistently ranks as the 5th city in Michigan with the highest per capita income.
Ben Johnson (born 24 August 1946) is a British painter, known for his series of large, detailed cityscapes.
Abtenau is a market town in the Hallein District of Salzburg in Austria.
It is located within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Santa Rosa, though it operates independently.
The men's shot put event at the 1993 IAAF World Indoor Championships was held on 12 March.
Marthaniel "Marcus" Roberts (born August 7, 1963) is an American jazz pianist, composer, arranger, bandleader, and teacher.
Further testing at the Natural History Museum in London confirmed that it was indeed a new species.
Toorbul is a town in the Moreton Bay Region, Queensland, Australia.
It was discovered by Auguste Charlois on 14 November 1890 in Nice.
The country is divided into twelve dioceses including three archdioceses.
Hart is also home to the north end of the Hart-Montague Trail.
St. Mary and St. George are the other two saints of this church.
In 1972 Suwankiri began studying toward a master's degree at the School of Architecture at University of Pennsylvania.
He has judged numerous international awards and was a member of the RSA Art for Architecture Awards panel (1998-2004).
The community was named after Hinnom in the Middle East.
Underlines are sometimes used as a diacritic, to indicate that a letter has a different pronunciation from its non-underlined form.
Ruhlander Schwarzwasser is a left-hand tributary of the Schwarze Elster in the east German states of Brandenburg and Saxony.
In January 1873 he accidentally killed his father during a fight.
Conor Garland (born March 11, 1996) is an American professional ice hockey winger.
The J J Ebers Award was established in 1971 to foster progress in electron devices.
Late in 1776, Virginia's Revolutionary government constructed the fort of timber and rammed earth.
Aistemos is a data science and intellectual property company specializing in IP strategy, analytics and risk management services.
Described in 1922 by Mann, the species is native to Central America and South America.
It lies at an elevation of 167 feet (51 m).
Initial study completed from Abohar thereafter for higher he moved to Punjabi University Patiala.
Four past Midnight is a collection of novellas by Stephen King.
It was the 35th staging of the Wimbledon Championships, and the first Grand Slam tennis event of 1911.
Wherever he went for delivering speeches for Independence, thousands of people came to listen him from far away places.
Reed was selected with the 32nd pick in the 2017 NBA draft.
On May 30, 1996, Peeno testified before Congress as to the downside of managed care.
The City & County itself is usually simply referred to as Cardiff.
Trinity School of Durham and Chapel Hill is a private Christian school in Durham, North Carolina in the United States.
And like all Easy Rock stations, they are no talk, less commercials and more music.
The Rundel Memorial Building is a historic library building located at Rochester in Monroe County, New York.
The team was pulled from the water mid-crossing due to bad weather, however, a 2004 attempt proved successful.
It was described by Francis Walker in 1855 and is the type species of the genus Amaxia.
It is one of the most successful Greek handball club with titles both Men's and Women's team.
He, Chesney and McBride were the only acts to reach the top with more than one song during the year.
Initially, pilots received four weeks of training on the ground, followed by nine weeks in the air.
He sat thereafter as a representative of the Illawarra Workers Party.
First introduced in 1980, EEMs are currently sponsored by all mortgage programs insured by the U.S. federal government.
The portion of water consumed in crop production depends on many factors, especially the irrigation technology.
It is set in a public park on the north bank of the River Aire.
Mary Bonnin was a former Master Chief in the United States Navy.
General elections were held in Belgium on 27 November 1932.
George Drummond was a Scottish football center forward who played in the Scottish League for Leith Athletic.
The Journal of Forensic Sciences is published by Wiley-Blackwell on the Academy's behalf.
Tim Jerat (born 5 March 1982) is a German retired footballer.
Students are assessed in English and mathematics in grades 3-8 and upon completion of certain high school level courses.
The Georges River acts as the southern boundary of this region.
Euphorbia helioscopia (sun spurge) is a species of flowering plant in the spurge family Euphorbiaceae.
He played minor county cricket for Bedfordshire as a schoolboy, until he moved to Nottinghamshire in 2002.
Hamel has two masters degrees from the University of Chicago.
Later Lexington mayor Hogan Yancey was a star fullback on the team.
A post office was established in 1855 and McDonough Harkness was its first postmaster.
Nocturnal Rites is a Swedish power metal band formed in 1990.
Body reactivity is usually understood as the body's ability to react in a proper way to influence the environment.
Blunt performed the song live for the first time on Comedy Rocks with Jason Manford on 28 January 2011.
As a result, 48 people were killed and over 160 injured.
The Glass Bead Game is the seventh studio album from James Blackshaw.
The 1993 Brisbane Broncos season was the sixth in the club's history.
Forkston Mountain is a mountain located in Wyoming County, Pennsylvania.
Megachile deceptrix is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae.
Gilmore is a small, unincorporated community in Le Flore County, Oklahoma, United States.
In the 2011 census, the population of Cornwall, including the Isles of Scilly, was estimated to be 532,300.
Although there are various dialects of Azerbaijani language, they do not significantly differentiate one another.
Zoe uses a tourist she befriended abroad to sneak the message back to Britain hidden inside a utility bill.
Annabel Lyon (born 1971) is a Canadian novelist and short story writer.
A Joan Burt Architect Award has been awarded to an environmental design student at OCAD since 2008.
The Republic of Ireland also qualified as runners-up for their first ever World Cup Finals.
Computer games use product keys to verify that the game has not been copied without authorization.
The main role of the soldiers was to protect European-American pioneers on the Bozeman Trail.
It was 255 meters high in 1960 and grew to 300 meters in the meantime.
Hilir was a federal constituency in Kelantan, Malaysia, that was represented in the Dewan Rakyat from 1959 to 1974.
It is Luthi's first comic, published after repeated rejections from the Rising Stars of Manga anthology.
The large, dark building shown to the left is Prague Castle.
She is an attending physician with a mysterious past with County General.
Dypsis sahanofensis is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.
Its motto is Verum, Pulchrum, Bonum, meaning Truth, Beauty, Goodness.
It is used in premature infants with lung surfactant deficiency that causes infant respiratory distress syndrome (IRDS).
Proceeds from the album's sale benefited the King Center for Nonviolent Social Change.
The foundation is headquartered at the Racquet Club of Philadelphia.
The Department of Justice hires him to stage the murder of a gangster about to enter the Witness Protection Program.
The third season completed airing in the United States on June 29, 2016.
They are mainly written for senior governmental staff and politicians engaged in land administration issues.
It was built by land surveyor Timothy Meigs Younglove, who surveyed Hammondport when it was incorporated.
Salem Moravian Church was founded in Oldham, Lancashire, England in 1825 by John Lees.
Bocaina de Minas is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil.
As of 2005, the town has a population of 1255.
The Committee was further instructed to undertake a review by 31 December 2001 on future improvements to the monitoring mechanism.
Kacy Anne Hill (born May 1, 1994) is an American model and singer-songwriter, currently signed to Kanye West's GOOD Music.
For listed buildings within Inverness burgh, see List of listed buildings in Inverness.
The Embassy of Armenia in Baghdad is the diplomatic mission of Armenia to Iraq.
They played their home games at Faurot Field in Columbia, Missouri, and was coached by head coach Gary Pinkel.
Duane Frederick Bruley is an American researcher, entrepreneur, and academician.
Johnson had joined Irving on their European tour in 2007 after the departure of Sea Wolf founder Alex Church.
Jiang Qiuyan (born 14 March 1983) is a Chinese race walker.
The nest itself is globular in shape with a tubular entrance on top.
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Wyoming County, Pennsylvania.
The Chiron was first shown at the Geneva Motor Show on March 1, 2016.
In his only List A match, he scored an unbeaten 8 runs.
It was well received by critics after its release on September 29, 2008.
Ainapur, Chincholi is a village in the northeast state of Karnataka, India.
Passenger capacity varies with the seat configuration chosen by the operating airline.
While company website and blog are still available, the webshop has since been closed down.
The city provides a range of recycling services for household waste.
Eakins taught without pay at ASL from 1886 until the school's dissolution in early 1893.
After the nationalization of the railways, the passenger service to Aberayron ceased in 1951.
Eddie Dodd is an American drama television series created by Lawrence Lasker, Walter Parkes and Wesley Strick.
DXKO-TV, channel 5, is a cable television station of Philippine television network Radio Philippines Network and Nine Media Corporation.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Ludlow in 1539, 1545, March 1553 and October 1553.
Ariotus luteolus is a species of ant-like leaf beetle in the family Aderidae.
The school offered basic education in The three Rs with geography, English grammar and needlework.
He made his debut in the sixty-nine point win against the Brisbane Lions in round 3, 2016 at Simonds Stadium.
Femina Miss India Delhi is a beauty pageant in India that annually selects three winners to compete nationally .
Mark S. Berry is a music producer who has 36 international gold and platinum record awards.
Edward Ennin is the member of parliament for the constituency.
The series starred Paul Barber as the elder, policeman brother Malcolm, and Alan Igbon as the younger brother Sheldon.
The name Cedar Grove Hotel appeared on the Tehipite 30' topographic map from 1905 to 1924.
The song spent 10 weeks in the UK Singles Chart, reaching a high of number 4.
It is located in the southeastern part of the state.
For geostationary satellites, the launch vehicle typically carries the spacecraft to Geostationary Transfer Orbit, or GTO.
He was the president of the Fiji Law Society for one year.
Nazih Geagea (born 16 October 1941) is a Lebanese alpine skier.
In addition to printed copies which were distributed free of charge, LucasArts also published selected articles on their website.
Barnizal is a corregimiento in Calobre District, Veraguas Province, Panama with a population of 435 as of 2010.
Mark A. Hennig (born April 10, 1965 in Mansfield, Ohio) is an American Thoroughbred horse racing trainer.
The Kern River Canyon is a canyon in Kern County, California.
It is a learned 'Associated Society' of the Institution of Civil Engineers, based in London, and a registered charity.
Her family rejected the Afghan because he was from a different caste.
Emmet County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa.
In the early years, the 8500LE was available with CNG on the B10BLE chassis.
The county flower is the camellia, and the county tree is the ginkgo.
Pterocephalus lasiospermus (rosalillo de cumbre) is a species of shrub in the Caprifoliaceae family.
Michele is a Romanesque and Gothic-style, Roman Catholic church in the city of Treia, province of Macerata, Italy.
The top two canoes have two paddlers and the third has a faint single one in the middle.
Regent railway station is located on the South Morang line in Victoria, Australia.
Pat Jabbar is a producer, musician and founder of the record label Barraka el Farnatshi.
She represents the classic femme fatale, acting as a foil to Dwight's hard-boiled antihero.
He is credited for co-writing a number of Gary Moore's songs including the worldwide hit "Empty Rooms".
Kali turgidum does not seem to occur as an introduced species in America.
The rerecording is the seventh track on Beck's 2002 album, Sea Change.
The referendum received considerable support from the electorate but failed in meeting the demanding threshold that had been set.
Daughter of Silence (1961) is a crime novel by Australian author Morris West.
Its A&R director was Bobby Scott and it was released on Limelight Records the same year.
This is a timeline documenting the events of heavy metal in the year 2012.
As of 2018, there is no specific, classified organism that is known to contain a COG3943 motif RNA.
Sainte-Colombe is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Acidia is a small genus of flies in the family Tephritidae.
The libretto is based on the legend of the Lorelei.
He is a longtime Chicago Cubs fan and avid golfer.
Louis Terhar (born September 28, 1949) is a Republican member of the Ohio Senate, representing the 8th district.
Vernonia lindheimeri is a robust perennial, growing to 3 feet high.
Budd Lake is a lake in Martin County, in the U.S. state of Minnesota.
The 2005 event had prize money of US$250,000 with the winner receiving $37,500.
This information was then analyzed to look for suspicious activities, connections between individuals, and "threats".
Since then it has grown into "a serious group of tiki aficionados" with activity all over the United States.
Such diagrams are usually produced by a highway department, and display features along the road, including bridges and intersecting roads.
The building now houses the Louisiana Art and Science Museum.
Usually lining out as a full-back, he was a member of the Limerick team that won the 1921 All-Ireland Championship.
An observer of this holiday would greet friends not with "Hello, everyone!"
Like nineteen of the twenty previous books, it was illustrated by John R. Neill.
It is 641 kilometers in length and runs south from Hongliuyuan towards Golmud.
It was centered on champion drag racer John Force and his daughters, also drag racers.
Texting, instant messaging, and e-mail are available on the Motorola A455 Rival.
Peter Kornbluh (born 1956) is director of the National Security Archive's Chile Documentation Project and of the Cuba Documentation Project.
The Statehouse dominates the vistas from all directions in the district.
It is the most serious rail accident in the history of the city.
The following external sites are links to some of the Aboriginal-owned and -operated art cooperatives.
Velocity is a cross-platform JavaScript library designed to simplify the client-side scripting of website animation.
Chhindwada is a village in the Bhopal district of Madhya Pradesh, India.
Dey received 16,164 votes, representing 58.5% of the vote, a 38.3% majority.
Leela Samson (born 6 May 1951) is a Bharatanatyam dancer, choreographer, instructor and writer from India.
Liars Academy was a rock band from Baltimore, Maryland formed in 2000.
Slowly but Surely is a studio album released in 2004 by singer-songwriter Holly Golightly.
Mounds in the park are listed on the National Register of Historic Places, identified as "47Wt1".
John Walker (born 27 October 1977) is a British computer games journalist, as well as a cartoonist and TV critic.
He was the son of al-Mansur Muhammad and the older brother of al-Nasir Kilich Arslan.
The Military Occupational Specialty code for Reconnaissance Man is 0321.
On 6 October 1946, Kerry won the championship following a 3-7 to 2-3 defeat of Dublin in the All-Ireland final.
Announced November 19th, 2002, it was installed in July 2005 and decommissioned on November 10th, 2010.
She won a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Like many Dealey Plaza witnesses, the first shot she remembered hearing sounded like a firecracker to her.
The cartoon title is a play-on-words of the popular Italian song "'O Sole Mio."
It includes schools funded by the Isle of Man Department of Education and independent schools.
This species is the only known member of the genus Amamiichthys.
In 1989 he was a visiting scholar at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars.
Original Production began in March 2008 in Dallas, Texas and completed in March 2009.
As a result, he chose to leave Helloween after the Rabbits on the Run Tour in early 2005.
It belongs in the family Ekgmowechashalidae with Ekgmowechashala, Bugtilemur, and Gatanthropus.
The company was a subsidiary of BAE Systems until December 2005, when it was sold to ThyssenKrupp and EADS.
Since September 2, 2004, he has been portrayed by John Driscoll.
Intelligent House Concept is a building automation system using a star configured topology with wires to each device.
The film was shot in Rome, with sets designed by Gino Brosio.
Cooney joined the Galway senior team during the 2012 championship.
The host plants are trees and shrubs of the genus Prunus, such as peach, cherry, and apricot.
Li Jun is a fictional character in Water Margin, one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature.
It was described and invented by Eric Brill in his 1993 PhD thesis.
Bud Collins ranked Lutz as World No. 7 in 1972.
According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 10,183 people.
Originally established as a resort village in 1972, Sport Hotel became Soldeu's first 4-star hotel when it opened in 1987.
They announced their intention to cease paying taxes and refused to recognize the authority of Thai state leadership.
Nothing Nyce is a mixtape by American recording artist Nyzzy Nyce.
He twice won the Stockholm Marathon during his career: 1999 and 2000.
Subdischidesia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
He is also seen as one of the most important ideologists of Arab nationalism.
After the 1965/66 season, the club became New York Inter again.
Large chandeliers, clocks, and busts of kings and queens decorate the hallways of the palace.
Picrodendreae is a tribe of plants under the family Picrodendraceae.
A meroterpene is a chemical compound having a partial terpenoid structure.
Pion District is one of nineteen districts of the province Chota in Peru.
It was released on 25 August in the United States.
The Clear Fork Formation is a geologic formation in Texas.
Little Star is a Philippine television drama musical series broadcast by GMA Network.
Because of its unique features, there are many tales and stories about it.
Myers is faculty member at the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics.
Facebook users used the site's safety check feature to act as if the event were real.
Given Owens House, also known as the Donald Hughes Home, is a historic home located near Campbell, Dunklin County, Missouri.
Strategy video game is a video game that focuses on skillful thinking and planning to achieve victory.
Stewart Wilson (born 22 October 1942) is a former Scotland international rugby union player.
She was commissioned as the Massachusetts privateer Rattlesnake in 1781.
In August 2003, Joel Stein explained the impact Picchio had made on the group.
He served in the Florida House of Representatives from 1967 to 1971, as a Republican, representing the 87th district.
After his dismissal, the guitarist went on to form the supergroup Handsome.
Celente has described himself as a "political atheist" and "citizen of the world".
The song is written by Kumaar and composed by Meet Bros Anjjan.
St. Louis-based filmmaker Mark Halski has dedicated his time and energy to bring forth El Monstero: The Movie.
Ocean Science is an open-access peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Copernicus Publications on behalf of the European Geosciences Union.
The cast included Esther Hannaford, Sally Bourne, Christie Whelan, Sam Ludeman and Warwick Allsopp.
Pal Zileri born in the Vicenza province and it is now headquartered in Milan.
It is found in south-eastern Australia, where it inhabits streams, pools and lakes.
Swayze Waters (born May 18, 1987) is a gridiron football placekicker and punter who is currently a free agent.
The roots of Unitarian Universalism lie in liberal Christianity, specifically Unitarianism and universalism.
This well maintained course is nestled between Warwick Road and Interstate 295 in Camden County, New Jersey.
The crater is named after the Swiss-born American geographer and geologist Arnold Henry Guyot.
Lampung Football Club is an Indonesian football club based in Bandar Lampung, Indonesia.
ASRC Aerospace Corporation is a subsidiary of Arctic Slope Regional Corporation (ASRC).
Aciagrion hisopa, is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.
2016 CAMS Australian GT Championship was a CAMS-sanctioned Australian motor racing championship open to FIA GT3 cars.
Wayne Winsley (born August 13, 1963, in Cleveland, Ohio) is an American motivational speaker, author, and broadcaster.
Paul Thijs (born 2 May 1946) is a Belgian middle-distance runner.
For the novelisation Lee went back to the original premise.
The Ischia Film Festival is an annual film festival held in Ischia, Italy.
It is the starting point for the Fish River Canoe Marathon, which ends in Cradock.
At Jake's suggestion, Moore locates the facility which he was held at in Marrakech, Morocco.
The bus network is integrated in the Creditrans ticket system.
Maria Samson (born February 2, 1983) is a Canadian rugby union player.
Raines must deal with his unique, unintentional method, as it causes problems with his co-workers and in his personal life.
For that very reason an entry-shifting squeeze is always a positional squeeze.
Jumbuck (noun) is an Australian English term for a male sheep, and is featured in Banjo Paterson's poem "Waltzing Matilda".
This accomplishment among other things encouraged Adenaike to continue studying art at the University of Nigeria, Nsukka, with Obiora Udechukwu.
The company was once involved in a controversy with its soft-drink line "Tropical Fantasy" in the early 1990s.
It took part in carrier operations throughout much of the Pacific Ocean, as well as over the northeast Indian Ocean.
This debt of over $10 million was an important factor for annexation into the United States.
The film was a commercial success, grossing over 3,4 billion lire at the Italian box office.
However, more research is needed to determine whether such environmental inequalities translate into long-term health inequalities, and, if so, how.
Thymic stromal lymphopoietin (TSLP) is a protein belonging to the cytokine family.
Although synthesizers are still a large part of the band's sound, Tak's guitar starts to gain more presence.
Pig Island is an island in the Rideau Canal in Ottawa, Ontario.
It shares a mixed-sex joint 6th form with Barry Comprehensive School, a boys' school.
The tank never entered serial production, but was further developed into the VK 4501 Tiger (P).
Lyreus is a genus of cylindrical bark beetles in the family Zopheridae.
Chromolaena impetiolaris is a rare Caribbean species of flowering shrub in the sunflower family.
Guitarist Zeke Buck and drummer Mark Guidry, both founding members, left the band in 2006 and 2010, respectively.
Two songs (track #13 and #15) received new arrangements exclusively for this album.
The agency was established in 1972, under a resolution of the Third Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers.
The album was released by Bieler Bros. Records worldwide, except in Europe, where it was released by AFM Records.
The R149 road is a regional road in Ireland from Leixlip, County Kildare to Clonee, County Meath.
Based in Tokyo, it was in circulation between 2004 and 2016.
While mostly deadly to either the mother, the child or both, there are at least five known documented successful cases.
It was described by Francis Polkinghorne Pascoe in 1869, originally under the genus Agelasta.
Maccari also finished 11th in the K-1 event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.
The Gordon's Gin Boars and Alaska Milkmen played for the 67th championship contested by the league.
Hyperolius pustulifer is a species of frog in the family Hyperoliidae.
The festival is hosted by the Howell Area Chamber of Commerce, and Balloonfest Director Michelle Tokan.
Baud has proposed that Nefertkau was a daughter of Khufu instead.
Common felsic minerals include quartz, muscovite, orthoclase, and the sodium-rich plagioclase feldspars.
In some places, unqualified use of one or more of these words is considered ambiguous.
Dave Hill is an American comedian, radio host, writer, musician and actor originally from Cleveland, Ohio.
Cralopa is a genus of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae.
However Secretaries of State are considered junior to ministers of state and are not members of Cabinet.
Growing up on the family farm, east of Esperance, Fels began his education at Castletown Primary School.
Their definition is now maintained by the Market Research Society.
Kevin Brady (born 2 December 1962 in Dublin) is an Irish former footballer.
Chironius multiventris, commonly known as the long-tailed machete savane, is species of colubrid snake.
Medals awarded for the skeleton discipline at the 1948 Winter Olympics held in St Moritz.
Sparks was a children's television educational series aired on Australian and UK television in 1989.
It is the labor wing of the Marxist Communist Party of India (United).
The low free sugar standard is derived from the World Health Organization guidelines for daily intake of free sugars.
The station simulcasts its programming with WARU (AM) (1600 kHz).
Gustavo Bucaro (born 26 August 1974) is a Guatemalan former swimmer who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
It is considered to be a front-runner in the country rock music genre.
He has represented his country at under-16, under-17, under-18, under-19 and under-21 levels.
His work has often been in the realm of microtonal music.
Brett Andrew Swain (born June 21, 1985) is an American football wide receiver.
It is found in northern South America in the Amazon Basin of Brazil and the Guianas.
Allahabad is a city in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.
The company operates five businesses: Music, Video, Sports, Automotive and Video Personalization.
Haysville USD 261 is a unified school district headquartered in Haysville, Kansas, United States.
Sybra drescheri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
It was established on 8 April 1983.The museum holds collections on history, numismatics, archeology and decorative arts.
He is best known for racing in the World of Outlaws (WoO) sprint car racing series.
Various artifacts and figurines excavated from the area show a Harappan connection of the site.
International Humanist News is a monthly journal published by International Humanist and Ethical Union.
Lady Gaga Enigma is a residency by American singer and songwriter Lady Gaga.
Some of their output has been re-released on CD by Collectables Records.
Vivekananda Global University is a private university located in Jaipur, Rajasthan in India.
The Bigelow School is a historic former school located at 4228 W. Bonniwell Rd.
The project, developed by Meridian Energy was expected to cost $300 million.
He is best known for playing the role of Darcy Garland in Murdoch Mysteries.
The following is a list of characters in the ABC comedy television series Samantha Who?.
It was produced by Norrie Paramor, with music by Ronald Cass and Stanley Black.
They play their home games at the Save Mart Center and are members of the Mountain West Conference.
Songs for the film were written by Megan Cavallari, Amy Powers and Executive Producer Rob Hudnut.
It is standard, modular, and physically distributed, to adapt to large-scale infrastructures.
Albania was represented by 2 athletes at the 2010 European Athletics Championships held in Barcelona, Spain.
The frog galvanoscope was a sensitive electrical instrument used to detect voltage in the late eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.
Erigeron lassenianus is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Mount Lassen fleabane.
ITF Men's Circuit was the 2010 edition of the third tier tour for men's professional tennis.
Donald Ferguson (born 1960) is a vice president and CTO for software at Dell.
Bloso was the shortened name for the Flemish sports agency.
NGADA is a region that overlaps five local government areas.
The Meludia Method is based upon progressive interactive listening exercises, using two main frameworks designed by Vincent Chaintrier.
Pan's methodology is influenced by Brazilian dramatist Augusto Boal and forum theater.
Jonathan Borofsky (born December 24, 1942) is an American sculptor and printmaker who lives and works in Ogunquit, Maine.
It is the oldest continuously operating institution of higher education in Hungary (since 1538).
Janet Mbabazi (born 26 January 1996) is a Ugandan cricketer.
Castle Farms is a special events facility located in Charlevoix, Michigan.
She became the first female principal of Exeter in 1987, and served until her retirement 1997.
Kananga Special Economic Zone is 300,408 square meters Special Economic Zone in Barangay Monte Bello, Kananga, Leyte, Philippines.
BBC Sessions is a compilation album with all The Specials' live BBC performances.
Jackie Hennessy was an Irish footballer who played with St. Patrick's Athletic, Shelbourne and Derry City during his career.
The campus was known as "Janelia Farm Research Campus" until the name changed to "Janelia Research Campus" in 2014.
Your Intentions E.P. is the debut EP by English alternative rock band Septembre.
Libertarians promote individual liberty and seek to minimize the role of the state.
Ibrahim Ali is a paralympic athlete from Egypt competing mainly in category F57 javelin and discus events.
The type species for Leptocerus is Phryganea interrupta J.C. Fabricius.
In 1997, he was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.
Pauls Valley is a city in and the county seat of Garvin County, Oklahoma, United States.
Tampines Rovers qualified as the runner-up for the 2011 AFC Cup.
At the entrance to the station lies the Iglesia de los Capuchinos, a church built in the Neoclassic Greco-Roman style.
Marina Pombar (born 1947, Detroit, Michigan) is a former beauty queen noted for presenting the Beatles onstage.
It is located at Park Lane and Greenville Avenue, just east of Central Expressway, in North Dallas.
It was originally called Jackson Township; the name was changed to Rutland on July 2, 1850.
It was released on May 13, 2008 in the US, and one day earlier in the UK.
In 2011, the project met its goal of finding all abc-triples of at most 18 digits.
Internationally, they are most commonly aligned to the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe (ALDE) and the Liberal International.
Darren McGrath lifted the Tones first ever Keegan Cup while Cian Ward claimed the 'Man of the Match' award.
He is the 2002 Nordic junior silver medalist and 2008 senior silver medalist.
General elections were held in Sint Eustatius on 20 April 2007.
Each of the competing daters also has a time-out card.
Pseudomonas migulae is a fluorescent, Gram-negative, rod-shaped bacterium isolated from natural mineral waters in France.
Crystal Lake is a town in Marquette County, Wisconsin, United States.
Joe had a strong 2011 campaign until a serious knee injury put him on the Injured Reserve List in September.
It is a limited company and has six directors who are in charge of organizing the station.
As of the 2010 census, its population was 726 and it contained 298 housing units.
It is an epicatechin trimer found in grape (Vitis vinifera).
In 1912, the season after he retired, Vernon umpired four VFL matches during the year as a field umpire.
It is located near the city of Sequim on the shores of Sequim Bay.
The motto is incorporated into their official logo, and is displayed on their website.
He was also a professor at South Dakota State University.
The film was released on December 19, 1926, by Fox Film Corporation.
In 2009, a gas giant planet/brown dwarf was found in orbit around it.
While many hits were found, they often failed to replicate in other studies.
The Yarmouth Vanguard was a weekly community newspaper published in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia.
The species is named after two naturalists, bird photographer, P.K. Uthaman, and Deputy Conservator of Forests, K.V Uthaman.
The trams are bi-directional, with cabs at both ends and doors on both sides, and are articulated with five sections.
Slate Mills is an unincorporated community in Rappahannock County, in the U.S. state of Virginia.
During his time in Pennsylvania, he studied with George Crumb, George Rochberg, and Richard Wernick.
Results of the general election to the Municipal Council of Danderyd, Sweden, held on Sunday 15 September 2002.
MediaWest*Con is one of the largest and longest running media-based (TV shows/film) fan-run conventions in the United States.
Her doctoral work was on the topology of algebraic curves.
On his death in 1897, his daughter continued the mission until 1919.
He was the Chief Secretary of Goa for over two years.
The film was released on July 24, 1927, by United Artists.
The Unimaginary Friend is a 2014 picture book by Dan Santat.
The film starred Salman Khan Sanjay Kapoor and Shilpa Shetty.
Portrait of Genius is a 1964 LP album by Hindustani classical musician Ravi Shankar.
It is also found in the renal pelvis, ureter, and prostatic urethra.
The Wood Bay Series is a geologic formation in Norway.
His nickname at U of M was "house cat" given to him by his teammates.
Uru language, more specifically known as Iru-Itu, and Uchumataqu, is an extinct language formerly spoken by the Uru people.
Republicans Frank Lucas and Ron Lewis picked up two congressional seats from Democrats in Oklahoma and Kentucky in May 1994.
The quality of the inferred categorical proposition is changed but the truth value is the same to the original proposition.
The IGP is appointed by the President of Ghana acting in consultation with the Council of State.
Markaz Knowledge City is a city project of Markaz in Kozhikode, Kerala.
Businesses and a small entertainment district border the eclectic housing featured in the neighborhood.
The 32nd Annual American Music Awards were held on November 14, 2004 (see 2004 in music).
Trease's first novel, Bows Against the Barons marks the start of his prolific career as a historical novelist.
In January 1779, Patton's Regiment was merged with other units to become the "new" 11th Pennsylvania Regiment.
Milbridge is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States at the mouth of the Narraguagus River.
The show's writer, Lena Dunham, worked there during her college years.
Richard Bitner (born 1966 in Los Angeles) is an American author and publisher in the mortgage loan industry.
The Swedes had been at war with the Tripolitans since 1800; they were eventually joined by the Americans.
The company was founded in 1960 and now sends thousands of trucks making deliveries nationwide.
The film stars Dane Clark, Raymond Massey, Ruth Roman, Robert Douglas, Morgan Farley and Walter Coy.
Acrocercops bisinuata is a moth of the Gracillariidae family, known from Sri Lanka and India.
Designed by Moshe Safdie, the building has faced much regulatory scrutiny and criticism by the Mount Pleasant Planning Commission.
As of 2001 he was the only Latter-day Saint serving in Brazil's congress.
Coincidentally, that is what his final batting average for the season would end up being.
Sir Robert Mark Wainwright KCMG (born 17 September 1967) is a British civil servant.
Noccaea montana, the alpine pennycress, is a flowering plant in the family Brassicaceae.
In 1960, Yamaga attended the tenth international meeting of the War Resisters' International in India.
Sophisticated Approach is an album by the Stan Kenton Orchestra recorded in 1961 and released by Capitol Records.
Diana Johnstone (born 1934) is an American political writer based in Paris, France.
Doug Graham is a fictional character in the Australian Channel Seven drama series Winners & Losers, played by Tom Wren.
Chlorophorus boninensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
There is an article on RMC in the UK Wikipedia.
The track, "Peggy's Theme", was made available to download following the broadcast of the character's departure.
Plocamus echidna, the porcupine weevil, is a species of flower weevil in the family of beetles known as Curculionidae.
The following list is a discography of production by J. Cole, an American hip hop record producer and recording artist.
The company controls more than 6 million square feet of commercial industrial, and retail property, and more than 9,000 apartments.
In 2012, she obtained an MPhil degree in Social Anthropology from Linacre College, Oxford.
Pseudomonarchia Daemonum does not attribute seals to the demons, as The Lesser Key of Solomon does.
He felt that the name would inspire and give hope to sick children in Lahti's hometown.
Both Heffron and Lazzarini subsequently lost their party endorsements for the 1938 election.
He matriculated at Corpus Christi, Oxford on 12 June 1601, aged 15.
Rockwell is an extinct town in Adams County, in the U.S. state of Washington.
Matthew 1 is the first chapter of the Gospel of Matthew in the New Testament.
Broken Glass is the fourth album by Crowbar, released on October 29, 1996.
The Bond Ballroom reopened in 2001, with the rest of the building becoming a Homewood Suites by Hilton in 2006.
The camshafts on all AVLS Subaru engines have specially designed lobes for intake valves.
However, linguist Kay Johnson has written a PhD thesis on the language, including a sketch grammar.
The boots were created in 1911 and were an instant success.
He is currently living in the United States of America.
The game was designed by Alan Steel, who developed all of the games in the Strategic Wargames series.
However, CAC is not limited to the environmental sector and encompasses a variety of different fields.
They competed in the 1926 NSWRFL Premiership, finishing the regular season 3rd (out of 9).
The AN/WQX-2 finds range and bearing of the detected target relative to the sonar.
According to the 2004 census it has a population of 8,999.
The Conservative Reformed Presbyterian Church in Korea was founded in 1980 by Pastor Oh Gyun-Yul.
Later, he earned his master's and doctorate in business administration (finance subfield) from Stanford Business School.
Aegialia is a genus of aphodiine dung beetles in the family Scarabaeidae.
Many management, competitions, cultural, and sports events are organized by committees throughout the year.
Cortlandt Street was a station on the demolished IRT Sixth Avenue Line.
Charles C. Jensen Botanical Gardens are botanical gardens located at 8520 Fair Oaks Boulevard, Carmichael, California.
"Who Says You Can't Go Home", which became a number-one country airplay hit.
He owned the promotion until it was sold to his head booker Paul Heyman in May 1995.
Alice in Wonderland is a dark ride in Fantasyland at Disneyland in Anaheim, California.
Monoson starred in the short lived 1990s TV series Prince Street.
The population of Ocqueoc Township was 634 at the 2000 census.
In the novel Brideshead Revisited by Evelyn Waugh, Anthony Blanche was "debagged" by athletic hearties at Oxford.
The Hurd aims to surpass the Unix kernel in functionality, security, and stability, while remaining largely compatible with it.
Joe Barton (born July 1, 1981 in San Marcos, California) is an American soccer player, currently without a club.
The Daily Slovak News (also known as TheDaily SK) is an English online newspaper headquartered in Bratislava, Slovakia.
They performed a slow, jazzy version of the song with the oboe being the main star.
Sherwood Anderson first published his short story entitled Brother Death in this journal.
In 2006 the National Book Foundation named her a 5 under 35 honoree.
It must be stored in a cool, ventilated place, away from acute fire hazards and easily oxidized materials.
He has written the "Ask Chris" column as an Associate Editor of LA Magazine since 2000.
Together with Ted Nelson he contributed to the first hypertext system, Hypertext Editing System (HE'S) in the late 1960s.
Hoppers are usually installed in groups to allow for a greater collection quantity.
A variator is a device that can change its parameters, or can change parameters of other devices.
It is between Shahid Bagheri Metro Station and Sarsabz Metro Station.
The 2012 Atlantic Hockey Tournament was the 9th Atlantic Hockey Tournament.
The story depicts a foreign born female, Keo Sreyneang, attracted to a Cambodian actress, Ny Monika.
They are also used for displaying material in detail during videoconferencing and telepresence applications.
There are also social theories for age differences in relationships as well as suggested reasons for 'alternative' age-hypogamous relationships.
The Armed Forces (Pensions and Compensation) Act 2004 (c 32) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Their music blends soul, blues, rockabilly, country, Tex-Mex and rock and roll.
Taxidermy is the debut album of English alternative rock band Queenadreena, released in 2000.
Woordenboek der Nederlandsche Taal (Dutch: Dictionary of the Dutch language, commonly abbreviated WNT) is a dictionary of the Dutch language.
Sri Lanka traditionally follows a Non-Aligned Foreign Policy and does not take sides with major powers.
He was signed by the Arizona Cardinals as a street free agent in 2006.
The City Hall has seen many political events on its steps from protest meetings to a bomb blast in 1988.
GURPS Alternate Earths is a GURPS role-playing game supplement for the game's Third Edition, published in 1996.
It was written by Francis Dunnery and released in March 1988.
The top team qualified for the 1999 World Grand Champions Cup.
The game has an extensive range of 1/285 scale miniatures.
Sir Richard Percy (died 1648) was an English soldier who served in Ireland during the 1590s.
Kochabakhari is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal.
The State High School League is an affiliate of the National Federation of State High School Associations.
The player controls a yellow hunter, and must kill all the animals and bring them back to his truck.
Pascolizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody for the treatment of asthma.
Sheets had career highs in batting average (.316), home runs (31) and RBIs (94) in 1987.
It is of the Trappist tradition (i.e. the Order of Cistercians of the Strict Observance).
Pauline Bull (born Pauline Davies) is a former English model artist and golfer.
The company produce drama, music, comedy and documentary programs, principally for BBC Radio.
Agni Yudham is a 1981 Indian Malayalam film, directed by NP Suresh and produced by Purushan Alappuzha.
It peaked at number 69 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
In 1998, Sackett co-founded Manhigut Yehudit with long-time partner Moshe Feiglin.
Rano is an islet off the north-eastern coast of Malakula in Vanuatu.
The song was written by Howard and produced by Chris Bond.
Supaul Bazar is composed of Ramnagar, Afzala, Khewa, Ziraat, Shaikhpura, Biraul, Haat Gaachhi, and Tolwa.
Glycosuria or glucosuria is the excretion of glucose into the urine.
Upper Staploe is a hamlet located in the Borough of Bedford in the county of Bedfordshire, England.
She is also known for working for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the ring name Rosie Lottalove.
Steve Roche (Stephen) (born 1964) is a New Zealand composer and performer.
She also starred in a few Tamil and Kannada films.
In Kingdom Hearts II, Sora helps the residents of these worlds again in search of his friend Riku.
In 1954, the university built benches, brick walls, and planted various flower beds and trees around the Old Well.
Nabil Ayouch (born 1 April 1969) is a French-Moroccan television and film director, producer and writer of Moroccan origin.
Monaghan Township is a township in York County, Pennsylvania, United States.
It was presented by the Elizabethan Theater Trust at a time when production of Australian plays was rare.
At the conclusion of the final night of competition, Downs crowned Jennifer Berry of Oklahoma as her successor.
She was appointed Archdeacon of St. Andrews (Laurentians) in 2000, and served in that position until 2006.
Recipients of the Australian Corrections Medal are entitled to use the post-nominal letters "ACM".
The Rashaya and Western Beqaa Districts, the southernmost districts of the Beqaa Governorate, in Southern Lebanon are sometimes included.
The Federal Republic of Yugoslavia resumed Yugoslavia's former position in Group C in 1995.
Wallersdorf is a municipality in the district of Dingolfing-Landau in Bavaria in Germany.
With appropriate service, it can also display the latest news and headlines in an on-demand user area.
He is currently head of the Greenock Morton youth academy pathway.
"I Will Be" was cut by Lila McCann on her 1999 album Something in the Air.
The green soldier must complete objectives across 15 levels in order for the player to complete the game.
It follows the experiences of a dental hygienist following her unfaithful husband's sudden death.
According to Shajrat ul Atrak, he tried to halt the political dissolution within his ulus.
Longclaws are slender, often colorful, ground-feeding insectivores of open country.
The C-1 event is raced by single-man sprint canoes and took place on August 11.
Venice is an unincorporated community in Shannon County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
In 2013 the probate division of the court became paperless, and in 2016 the remainder of the courthouse followed.
The district includes 121 contributing buildings and 1 contributing structure in Downingtown.
Mother McAuley is the largest all girls high school in the country.
The church is now home to the Polish chaplaincy in Ireland.
Filmsaaz is an international short film festival begun in 2008 by the University Film Club, Aligarh Muslim University.
Her two novels are The Genius of the World and Lost.
Since 2003, it is published by BioMed Central in collaboration with the World Health Organization (WHO).
He has also wrestled for Jim Crockett Promotions (JCP), the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWF/WWE), and Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW).
Advantages of such splitting are primarily for boosting performance and improving security.
John Pullman "Jake" Longstreth, Jr. (born 1977 in Sharon, Connecticut) is an American painter and radio personality.
He was married to fellow Ukrainian, actress Anna Sten, from 1932 until his death in 1984.
Covering roughly 44% of the land mass of New South Wales, Barwon is by far the state's largest electoral district.
It became a symbol of colonial freedom during the American Revolutionary War.
Lone Tree Lake was named on account of there being a single cottonwood tree which stood there.
A need is something that is necessary for an organism to live a healthy life.
In support of Hamasaki's third studio album Duty and A Best, Hamasaki held two concerts at Japan's Tokyo Dome.
The tour included the band's biggest show to date at Wembley Stadium.
Conor Lyne (born February 24, 1993 in Reading, United Kingdom) is an alpine skier from Ireland.
The site was also used as part of the College goods yard site.
At Gill Action, Guerriero managed nationwide political operations and supported successful gubernatorial and legislative candidates in various states.
Bad Reputation is the third album by the Canadian guitarist David Wilcox.
Roy Percival Bossi (1894-1964) was an Australian rugby league footballer from the 1920s.
These events are usually coordinated by one of various World Vision organizations and are done by youth in church organizations.
It begins in County Sligo in the northwest of Ireland, and ends in County Donegal.
Paul Mayersberg was born on 18 June 1941 in Cambridge, England, UK.
Madison Township is one of the eighteen townships of Columbiana County, Ohio, United States.
S. S. Khan is an Indian bureaucrat and former member of Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT).
The track premiered on Hits FM (Spain) on 17 June 2015.
Hamilton's future is expansive and primarily optimistic, with huge sentient space habitats that can closely resemble a natural Eden.
Central Park, also known as Gorky Park, is an urban park located in the Medeusky district of Almaty.
The kytoon has been used for many purposes both civil and military.
The season commenced on May 8 at Algarve and ended on October 16 at Zandvoort.
It was delivered free to homes in the Surry County area.
The first project, in association with a mental health organization, FIRM, was started in 2002.
Moss James Burmester (born 19 June 1981) is a New Zealand swimmer and diver.
Since 2010, he has been host of the Jerry Agar Show on CFRB.
Ten field centers and a variety of installations around the country conduct the day-to-day work.
Ten years after his death, his brother declared Rothstein's estate was bankrupt.
Aradus behrensi is a species of flat bug in the family Aradidae.
Ciccarello first won the seat of Norwood at the 1997 election.
Marriage is a Private Affair is a 1944 war-comedy film.
It has become best known through the subsequent film adaptation starring Cary Grant and directed by Frank Capra.
Abdul "Duke" Fakir (born December 26, 1935) is an American singer.
Between 2002 and 2015, the Crow Butte operation produced 10.1 million pounds U3O8.
The citizens of the City of Cologne, eager to emancipate themselves from the Archbishop's rule, also joined this alliance.
Independent Township is one of fifteen townships in Valley County, Nebraska, United States.
The conference currently has a deal making Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis the site of the championship game through 2021.
Aladdin's Eatery is a chain of franchised restaurants in the American Midwest and Southeast, specializing in Lebanese cuisine.
From 1990 to 1992, Cooper was the chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston.
The album was officially released on July 25, 2006 under Word Entertainment records.
It was named after Yurij Sergeevich Vasil'ev, rector of the former Saint Petersburg State Technical University in Russia.
CACIM was founded in 2005 and is based in New Delhi.
On club level she plays for Club Egara in Spain.
Unlike conventional projective tests, the Animal Metaphor works as both a diagnostic and therapeutic battery.
Alexander McConnell (born 9 February 1915) was a unionist politician in Northern Ireland.
Millerieae is a tribe of flowering plants belonging to the Asteroideae subfamily.
The conceit was that the band was out of work and job-hunting.
Platoons decrease the distances between cars or trucks using electronic, and possibly mechanical, coupling.
The Cup started with the preliminary round on November 4, 1972, and involved the republican level non-amateur clubs.
A total of 92 oil wells, producing an estimated 100,000 barrels of crude daily, are located in Ikwerreland.
In addition, Batu Kawan is home to Design Village, Malaysia's largest outlet mall.
The series was canceled by the BBC after one series following negative reception from critics.
Amberley is a suburb in the City of Ipswich, Queensland, Australia.
The player assumes the role of Kapt'n Krooz'r, a small, green alien within a bubble-topped spaceship.
Russell Wayne Harvard (born April 16, 1981) is an American actor.
The transmission was simple and very durable, which satisfied customers.
These propellers are produced using an injection molding process, which guarantees a high quality propeller every time.
The men's first team was born from Millwall Albion RUFC who were formed in 1995 on the Isle of Dogs.
Mahout also provides Java libraries for common maths operations (focused on linear algebra and statistics) and primitive Java collections.
Henry Beaufort School, is a secondary school in Harestock, a suburb of Winchester, in the county of Hampshire in England.
Her construction work, dynamic personality became a television series HGTV called Tough As Nails.
He lives in Kaduna State, he is Sardaunan Ruma, a title in his city of origin,Ruma.
Gallagher is also well known for the voice of Riku in the Kingdom Hearts video game series.
It was last assigned to the 315th Bombardment Wing, being stationed at Northwest Field, Guam.
The album peaked at #98 on the Billboard R&B Albums chart.
Raymond Jeremy and Cedric Sharpe previously performed in the Philharmonic Quartet.
Ilex illustris is a species of plant in the Aquifoliaceae family.
There is a Gurudwara of Saint Dhanna Bhagat in village Duan Kala.
The University offers degree courses at undergraduate and postgraduate levels upon its establishment in 2005.
Sydney Ellen Lucas (born July 11, 2003) is an American child actress with credits in musical theater, film and television.
Produced by Deepti Shreyas Talpade and directed by Rajeev Patil.
The next day, Laila made landfall in Andhra Pradesh, and it later dissipated over land.
Bendazac (or bendazolic acid) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for joint and muscular pain.
Tar Fork is an unincorporated community within Breckinridge County, Kentucky, United States.
It starred Kay Ngarimu and Terence Bayler, and also featured Myra Hapi Smith, Bill Merito and George Ormond.
Park Joong-hoon (born March 22, 1966) is a South Korean actor.
The season was filmed primarily in Los Angeles, California, with additional footage in New York City.
The campaign focuses primarily on America because of massively high per capita consumption in the US.
Organic Process Research & Development is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1997 by the American Chemical Society.
The first 2 riders in each heat advance to the second round along with the 8 that qualified before.
Matthew Millar won by four strokes, taking the first prize of A$15,000.
The Vermont gubernatorial election of 1898 took place on September 6, 1898.
Continental Freemasonry is now the general term for the jurisdictions which have removed some, or all, of these restrictions.
Pseudorhabdosynochus tumeovagina is a diplectanid monogenean parasitic on the gills of the Speckled hind, Epinephelus drummondhayi.
Tom Baylis (born 3 January 1996 in Misterton) is an English racing cyclist who rides for ONE Pro Cycling.
Until relatively recently, the school was housed in the School House, almost opposite the manor along the Lincoln Road.
Jimmy Somers (born November 1939) is an Irish trade unionist.
The Charles Playhouse is a theater at 74 Warrenton Street Boston in the Boston Theater District.
Gandipet is a village in Ranga Reddy district of the Indian state of Telangana.
They began in the same location that saw the 2013 Shahbag protests in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
County Center/Little Italy is a station of the Green Line on the San Diego Trolley.
Rose has worked and collaborated with a host of artist, and has been called soul diva or funk diva.
He also was a screen writer and wrote some screen plays including Shamwari in which he starred opposite Ken Gampu.
The village has a population of 1914 people, spread over 491 households.
Incumbent Republican/Independent U.S. Senator Bob Smith was defeated in the Republican primary and denied renomination.
She competed in the women's giant slalom at the 1952 Winter Olympics.
Apharetra was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family, it is now considered a synonym of Sympistis.
Consult provides survey research tools, data services and news to organizations in business, marketing, policy and politics.
She appeared in Marie Claire UK Beauty in August, 2013, by photographer Jason Hetherington.
Mwana Bute Kasongo (born 5 March 1964) is a Congolese sprinter.
Grant is the first African American 20-game winner in American League history.
In 1996, it was released on CD, as a limited edition, with five bonus tracks from the same sessions.
The 1888 Virginia Cavaliers football team represented the University of Virginia in the 1888 college football season.
Johnny Edmond (born 13 September 1969) is a Mauritian former international footballer who played as a striker.
The user normally does not notice this jump, hence the word seamless.
ORP Mazur was a torpedo boat, then gunnery training ship of the Polish Navy.
Fabric 33 is a DJ mix compilation album by Ralph Lawson, as part of the Fabric Mix Series.
Paradise is an unincorporated community in Ohio Township, Warrick County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
Arcade is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
South Wales East is an electoral region of the National Assembly for Wales, consisting of eight constituencies.
Kearns was appointed Creative Director of Kent & Curwen in 2016.
A maritime emergency is usually any serious distress to a maritime vessel or her crew.
Maurice Benn (born 9 November 1946) is a British middle-distance runner.
LucidSamples is independent English record label based in London, UK.
Its range is similar to that of the Bonpland willow, S. bonplandiana.
UBL was developed by an OASIS Technical Committee with participation from a variety of industry data standards organizations.
Rebecca Anne "Becky" Allison (born December 21, 1946) is an American cardiologist and transgender activist.
It was named after the grandson of the discoverer, Alex Baltutis.
The National Democratic Movement (NDM) is a conservative political party in Jamaica, led by Peter Townsend.
A Study in Semantics and Modal Logic is a 1947 book about logic by the philosopher Rudolf Carnap.
Connery was knighted in the 2000 New Year Honors for services to Film Drama.
Flower's Cove is a town in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
North Grade and South Grade Elementary Schools opened the following fall.
Harvey Max Chochinov OC OM FRSC is a Canadian academic and psychiatrist from Winnipeg who specializes in palliative care.
It is an open-enrollment, publicly funded charter school in Austin, Texas.
Canadian Utilities Limited is a member of the ATCO Group of companies.
Beach wrestling at the 2008 Asian Beach Games was held in Bali, Indonesia from 24 October to 25 October 2008.
Prior to a renovation in 2011, the theater was primarily home to classic films.
In 1574, Montferrat was raised to a Duchy by Maximilian II, Holy Roman Emperor (see Duchy of Montferrat).
Polyporus gayanus is a species of fungus in the genus Polyporus.
It was used to enhance wildlife habitat, particularly for the northern bobwhite.
Uruguay competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, Mexico.
It is Turner's last studio album before her retirement from recording.
The lake has been notable within New England and Canada for its fishing.
Darren Maroon (born 4 May 1966) is an Australian rugby league player who represented Lebanon in the 2000 World Cup.
The town of Glen Ellyn is passionate about athletics and West sporting events are often packed with supportive fans.
National Highway 315 (NH 315) is a National Highway in India.
Official service support was withdrawn in 1999 in favor of the IBM 3745.
Siam Park City Railway is a former miniature railway at Siam Park City in Bangkok.
Together with the Port of Huanghua, Qinhuangdao Port is a major port for coal transportation.
After four months of hard work, he had completed both projects.
Kratochvilite is a rare organic mineral formed by combustion of coal or pyritic black shale deposits.
The Adirondack Lumberjacks were an independent professional baseball team based in Glens Falls, New York.
Elaphidion lewisi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
The monument is about one meter high and is made of graywacke.
Use of the stock tie also is seen in show jumping and fox hunting.
Power politics is a book by International Relations scholar Martin Wight, first published in 1946 as a 68-page essay.
Yeti is a strategy, design and application development firm based in San Francisco, CA.
The men's road race at the 1934 UCI Road World Championships was the eighth edition of the event.
Ludwig Drums released a new drum set in 2009 with Miller's flash designs.
He has also written a book on latest trend in Nanoscience and Nanomaterials.
He made his first screen appearance during "Episode 6646", which was first broadcast on 20 May 2013.
It was first created in 1858 (with the first election in 1859) and existed until 1881.
The next station on the north side is Daneshgah-e Esfahan Station and Kuy-e Emam Station on the south side.
It was chosen as the iTunes Pick of the Week on March 2, 2010.
US Soccer hired Toledo as a full-time referee in 2007.
Mary's Orthodox Cathedral is the first Parish of the Mumbai Orthodox Diocese of the Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church in Mumbai.
He is currently the coach of fellow German Florian Mayer.
The U.S. Women's Amateur Four-Ball is played by teams of two golfers each with a handicap of 14.4 or less.
The United States and Western European governments argued that they represented a violation of human rights.
There is also an annex located on Champlain Crescent which provides education to children in kindergarten to grade three.
Issama Mpeko (born 3 March 1986) is DR Congolese football player.
Take Me Back to Chicago is a compilation album by Chicago released in 1985 by Columbia/CBS Special Products with Cat.
She also sits on the RAB: Regulatory Affairs Board of the Law Society.
Rock Cave is an unincorporated community in Upshur County, West Virginia, United States.
For the newer Government of Wales Act 2006, see that article.
Annually, in September, the tribe holds an acorn festival and intertribal gathering.
Built in 1963, the facility closed on July 28, 2010 and will not be re-tooled.
Subgroup QP53 is part of the anatomical group QP Antiparasitic products, insecticides and repellents.
They are based at Humber College (North Campus) in Toronto, Ontario, Canada which has been their home for 10 years.
He is a board member of the Norwegian Financial Services Association and Finance Norway.
Part of the 4th Brigade it provides engineer support to the 2nd Division.
Chevy Chase).Charlcote House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
The population was 100 at the 2010 census, an 8.7 percent increase from 92 at the 2000 census.
By the time Chicago 17 was released in 1984, Pinnick was listed as a full member of the band.
Education in Kosovo is carried out in public and private institutions.
The single went to number one for one week and spent a total of fourteen weeks on the chart.
Dale Schilly (born in St. Louis, Missouri) is an American soccer coach.
Indigenous people under the nation-state have experienced exclusion and dispossession.
It took place on 22 August 1993 at the Masaryk Circuit located in Brno, Czech Republic.
The tournament also served as a qualifier for the 2015 EuroHockey Championship, with the finalists Italy and Poland qualifying.
The song also appeared in a montage by ESPN showcasing the images of 2001.
This mixture is also sometimes referred to as partial glycerides.
Located on the northeast corner of Brazos and Eighth Street, Central Presbyterian Church in Austin, Texas.
A member of the family Euphorbiaceae (spurge family), it is not a true nettle.
The house, built about 1925, was one of Russell's finest examples of Craftsman architecture.
Kennedy Miller Mitchell is one of Australia's oldest existing film production companies, and the internationally most successful.
The screenplay concerns a British family living in East Africa, who become embroiled in the Mau Mau Uprising.
Henry Whitefield was the Archdeacon of Barnstaple from 1371 to 1384 .
Her work is much admired for its historical and ethnological accuracy.
The main reason for this move was the frustration over negotiating contracts with record companies and fighting over copyright issues.
Thylamys is a genus of opossums in the family Didelphidae.
It served on the Western Front during 1917 and 1918.
The Wyoming Democratic Party is the affiliate of the Democratic Party in the state of Wyoming.
Unlike the group's four previous albums, there was no production input from EPMD.
Ceroplesis thunbergii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
David Pearson also refereed France versus Ireland in the 2011 six nations.
Reedsville is a census-designated place (CDP) in the Kishacoquillas Valley of Mifflin County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Ombudsman was a Canadian television program which sought to investigate and resolve disputes between people and government or business systems.
A Storyteller is a clay figurine made by the Pueblo people of New Mexico.
Napier began his career with Clyde, making over 100 appearances in 4 years before moving to Hamilton Academical.
As the storm remained away from land, no damages or fatalities were reported in association with Karen.
The Canadian Jewish Review merged with the Canadian Jewish Chronicle in 1966, to become the Chronicle Review.
Witold-K has been a resident of Denver, Colorado, since 1980.
Asarina is now regarded as exclusively an Old World genus.
This is a list of heads of state, heads of governments, and other rulers in the year 1830.
The 2000 was the last time standing volleyball appeared on the Paralympic program.
This article includes lists representing proven reserves and production of coal by country.
Olsen protested by having his musicians refuse to play for the replacement.
Grumento Nova is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
The village is part of the parish council area called Hartleyburn.
Bolivia national basketball team is the national men's basketball team from Bolivia.
She was launched on 19 October 1781 at Deptford Dockyard.
Jarrad Hickey (born 7 May 1985 in Sydney, Australia) is a rugby league player.
The team welcomes players of all ages and experience levels, ever willing to teach the game to new players.
Batting in the opening order, he scored 35 runs, his team's highest individual score.
Service personnel injured in combat operations are normally treated at the Royal Center for Defense Medicine.
Tonna poppei is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tonnidae, the tun shells.
Herminium is a genus of plants in family Orchidaceae, widespread across much of Europe and Asia.
Built behind the tower will be an 11-floor parking garage, also built by Al Shafar General Contracting Co. LLC.
Such a villain usually seeks to rule or destroy the universe around them.
Truman did not garner the same support as the deceased president.
Sport Benguela e Benfica is an Angolan football club based in Benguela in western Angola, south of Luanda.
The O2 was SGI's last attempt at a low-end workstation.
Joseph Aoun (born 18 November 1933) is a Lebanese former sports shooter.
In 2017 she became a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts.
The Ty5 is a type of retrotransposon native to the Saccharomyces cerevisiae organism.
The Live Mix, Part 2 is an album by Breakestra, an American a ten-piece funk "orchestra".
The War Memorial bears the names of the parishioners who fell in the Great War.
It is licensed and supervised by the Bank of South Sudan, the country's central bank and national banking regulator.
Sing is the third solo studio album released by British singer-songwriter Gary Barlow.
Mulsantina picta (the painted lady beetle or pine lady beetle) is a species of ladybug belonging to the subfamily Coccinellinae.
The United States is a leading exporter of peanut butter and itself consumes $800 million of peanut butter annually.
Avondale is an unincorporated community located in McDowell County, West Virginia, United States.
This SNP is associated with an increased risk of autoimmune thyroid disease.
Abdissares ruled the kingdom of Sophene after the assassination of his father, Xerxes in 212 BC.
He was appointed to that position of 6 June 2016.
It moved to Tennessee and in February 1862, was captured at Fort Donelson.
The first official single from the album is "Fully Blown" (featuring Snak the Ripper), which was released on January 31.
With seating capacity of around 11 to 13, the passenger space also tends to be cramped relative to a van.
Harald B. Haram was party chairman until his death in 2002, when his son Harald Bernt Einar Haram replaced him.
Felicia is known as the black sheep of the Forrester family.
It was the first time Kiss toured Japan since the Alive II Tour in 1978.
Tonkinese are a domestic cat breed produced by crossbreeding between the Siamese and Burmese.
Siraj was taken to hospital in critical condition and died of injuries.
In general, they suppress blue casts on overcast days and on subjects lit by blue sky.
Chain Letter is a 2010 American horror film directed by Deon Taylor.
The cup interior frequently contained circular figural paintings, often surrounded by flame patterns with white dots at the points.
The storyline was conceived from a screenplay written by Jerome Armstrong and Billy Ray.
Pinball was founded by producer Paula Vaccaro in 2009 and is often involved in international co-production.
V.A.M.C. was later named Virginia Polytechnic Institute And State University (Virginia Tech).
Haralakatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
The film is the immediate continuation of Pardon Mon Affaire, released the previous year.
By categorizing articles with relevant keywords e.g. "C. elegans", the social aspect of Connotea was developed.
Tritonoturris phaula is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
Most known nearby exoplanets orbit close to their star and have highly eccentric orbits.
Doto maculata is a species of sea slug, a Dendronotid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Dotidae.
7% of the students are older than 25 years old.
It is located at the intersection of the Goulburn-Oberon Road and the Laggan-Taralga Road.
The Tata Globus Range is available in 13, 18, 20 and 45 seater configurations.
Naiqun (born 4 February 1971) is a Chinese former basketball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
It is loosely based on a novel by Carlo Brizzolara.
In 2017 she appeared in the premiere production of Consent at the Royal National Theater, London.
The film was released in 18 June 2004 to average reviews.
Plans are currently underway to establish cargo service to Tobruk's International Airport.
His specialties include modern Chinese history, history of Chinese-American relations, and Cold War international history.
She is part of the Canada women's national volleyball team.
Their second single "Rudeboy" featuring Doctor was released in December 2013.
Kwik Save is a British discount supermarket chain that was founded in Wales.
Pat Lewis is an American soul singer and backing vocalist since the 1960s.
Currently it is housed in the British Library (Department of Manuscripts, 1186) in London.
Organized protests delayed its release in many countries and led to at least two death threats against Smith.
Christian feminists often draw on the teachings of other religions and ideologies in addition to biblical evidence.
NROOGD encourages creative expression, and these new writings serve to keep the Tradition alive.
The Kentish dialect is a dialect of English spoken in and around the county of Kent in southeast England.
Calamotis is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
Vateria macrocarpa is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family.
It was won by the Conservative candidate James Henry Deakin (junior).
Iridomyrmex azureus is a species of ant in the genus Iridomyrmex.
Colombier is a commune in the Allier department in central France.
It is based on Paul Eber's 1582 hymn in eight stanzas "Herr Jesu Christ, wahr Mensch und Gott".
Randall played state league football with the Eastern Devils in the VFL Women's competition.
Troy Cook (born 12 August 1976) is an Australian rules footballer.
The report said: Even if the guardsmen faced danger, it was not a danger that called for lethal force.
Its objective is to popularize astronomy and induce students, enthusiasts to make useful contributions in the field of astronomical research.
Lifford (Irish: Leifear, historically anglicized as Liffer) is the county town of County Donegal, Ireland.
Starring Derek Jacobi and Anne Reid as Alan and Celia, former childhood sweethearts, who are now in their seventies.
In 2008 the band played a few shows during the summer, but never fully reunited.
Excavations have shown signs of a New Stone Age and early Bronze Age settlement.
The number of Merit residents declined to 185 in the early 1950s.
Toby "Crash" Stevenson (born November 19, 1976 in Odessa, Texas) is an Olympic class pole vaulter from the United States.
Constituency PK-47 (Abbottabad-IV) is a constituency for the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.
It was the first English-Language Egyptian feature film in history.
The Bennetts Lane Jazz Club is a music venue in Melbourne, Australia, located off Little Lonsdale Street.
Born in Coventry, Turner was educated at Rugby School and Keble College, Oxford.
Chaetogonopteron is a genus of flies in the family Dolichopodidae.
Full Fat is the second demo EP by Newton Faulkner.
The Imam and resident scholar of the mosque is Azfar Uddin.
Sir Stephen John Hill served as colonial governor of Newfoundland until 1876.
As part of the events, the contestants also traveled to Edinburgh, Scotland between 23 and 27 October.
Ixora pudica is a species of flowering plant in the Rubiaceae family.
A Klieg light is an intense carbon arc lamp especially used in filmmaking.
The 1916 Penn Quakers football team represented the University of Pennsylvania in the 1916 college football season.
To ensure geographical continuity, a certain number of members is allocated for each of the five UN regional groupings.
Gupta has donated over $50 million to numerous philanthropic endeavors in the United States and India.
The men's coxless pair competition at the 2013 Summer Universiade in Kazan took place the Kazan Rowing Center.
By 1905 most black men were effectively disenfranchised by state legislatures in every southern state.
They made their home in East Orange, New Jersey, where Bush was a member of the Arlington Avenue Presbyterian Church.
The town is about 16 miles northeast of Moab near State Route 128.
Today the building is part of the Britannia Hotels chain.
This syndrome was first described by Cheek and Perry in 1958.
"Viisari" appeared on the soundtrack of the 2015 film The Revenant.
The Registrar General's Department is the Government of Ghana agency responsible for the registration of companies and business in Ghana.
Miminiska Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CMA4) is an aerodrome located on Lake Miminiska, Ontario, Canada.
Tom in America is a short film by writer-director Flavio Alves, starring Academy Award nominees Burt Young and Sally Kirkland.
He represented the Darjeeling constituency of West Bengal and is a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party.
Sagamok's culture and language is Anishinabek and is made up of the Ojibwe, Odawa and Pottawatomi bands.
It is found in Sri Lanka, Japan (Ogasawara), Taiwan, the Philippines and on Java.
Below is a list of mayors of Durban, South Africa.
It is headquartered in Wright-Patterson AFB and has facilities at Hanscom AFB and Greenville, Texas.
Harry Booth (born in London, England), is a film director, film producer, screenwriter and editor.
Pandaga (English: Festival) is a 1998 Telugu, drama film, produced by on Jayasri Art Pictures banner and directed by Sarath.
Later nineteenth century versions were sometimes taller, and were made in brass or combinations of metal and wood.
They were the winners of BBC TV's Opportunity Knocks, and Britain's Got Talent semi-finalists in 2012.
Kutho was a well known director of 1990s-2010s in Burma.
It is part of West Aurora Public School District 129.
Pseudomonas mucidolens is a Gram-negative, non-sporulating, motile, rod bacterium that causes mustiness in eggs.
The Septizodium's remains were demolished in the 16th century and it is only known from Renaissance drawings.
The track opened in 1989 as the first privately owned track in New Zealand.
Ben Robert Dunk (born 11 March 1987) is an Australian professional cricket player.
Fa'amatai is the chiefly system of Samoa, central to the organization of Samoan society.
The plant is undemanding and frost hardy and colonizes disrupted and inaccessible places as a short-lived pioneer species.
Omer Saleh Al Mehannah (born December 31, 1959) is a football referee from the Asian state of Saudi Arabia.
Sun introduced the SCSL in 1998 to maintain compatibility within the Java platform and make code available for commercial use.
In recent years they've become increasingly scarce in the pet industry, due to restrictions on import/export trading.
In May 2015, Shuja announced that he would retire from international cricket.
The areas are relatively small but can prove useful when trying to locate your fellow gang members.
Its US premiere is scheduled for spring 2016 on SundanceTV.
Herbert "Mike" Massey (September 28, 1893 - October 10, 1971) was a Major League Baseball second baseman.
The SLS publishes one of the UK's leading generalist peer-reviewed law journals.
Punoa is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
In 2000 she received the Arizona Governor's Artist of the Year Award for her work.
Access also enables these designated employees to conduct damage assessments, and much more.
Tattenham Corner is a neighborhood in north Surrey, UK, but the name is principally associated with Epsom Racecourse.
Bath Presbyterian Church and Cemetery is a historic church in Blythe, Georgia.
A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Lophiosphaerella euryae.
Likewise, some national languages are often considered minority languages, insofar as they are the national language of a stateless nation.
Protorhamphosus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Thanetian stage of the Paleocene epoch.
As of 2008, there were economically active people in the district.
He competed in the individual time trial event at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Roald Edwin van der Linde (born 22 November 1968 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch politician.
Telugu is a Unicode block containing characters for the Telugu, Gondi, and Lambadi languages of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Abdou Jammeh (born 13 February 1986) is a Gambian professional footballer.
In 1923, Ernest changed the name of the firm to Ernest Benn Limited.
After this it was a colony in its own right, and administered by a Lieutenant Governor, still subordinate to Jamaica.
As of 19 August 2014, all 20 episodes of Blessings have been aired on MediaCorp Channel 8.
Several homes and a school are located in the heart of the Mark Twain National Forest.
She participated at the 2010 Asian Games in the 69 kg event finishing 5th.
The Upuaut Project was the subject of a television documentary.
The song was released in Belgium on October 26, 2012 as the album's fourth single.
Witchery is an Australian chain store specializing in women's and children's clothing, shoes and accessories.
Electropop is a variant of synth-pop that places more emphasis on a harder, electronic sound.
He is the current men's head coach at Wake Forest.
Slowly advancing through Italy, they fought in Anzio and in Monte Cassino.
It was first identified from a museum specimen mislabelled as coming from Africa, hence the scientific name.
The city has two large public parks: Recreation Acres and Central Park.
The band consists of guitarist and vocalist Koen Brouwer, guitarist and vocalist Michiel Rietveld and guitarist Erik Meereboer.
The museum holds nearly 13000 books and 405 individual objects.
For three years, he served as a professor in the New York "Institution for the Deaf and Dumb."
The film was part of Holden's Trains of Winnipeg series.
He was drafted by the Oilers in the seventh round of the 1974 NFL Draft.
It is a corporate member of both the Bombay Stock Exchange and the National Stock Exchange of India.
She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 1 June 1915 as SM UC-3.
As a borough in Outer London it also contains some open countryside in the form of country parks.
Jo-Anne Faull (born 13 January 1971) is an Australian tennis player, professional from late 1988 to January 1995.
They may also feature quite high implied volatilities, as shown by Damiano Brigo (2005).
Maga Rahi is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
An open beta in May 2016 drew in nearly 10 million players.
He won an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film Patton.
He has also written some comic books, like Green Arrow and Buffy the Vampire Slayer comics.
He holds the Anne and Bernard Spitzer Chair in Political Science at the City University of New York.
Until 1 November 2011, MOLA was a self-financed division of the Museum of London Group.
A Kodak Kodascope Eight Model 40 shown inside a Kodak carrying case.
The Pact formed an integral part of the Austrian constitution until the Revolutions of 1848.
French hired Phil Mazzuca (formerly with Iasis Healthcare) as chief operating officer.
Ain't Easy is a 1971 album by Long John Baldry.
Lance McIlhenny is a former American college football player who was an award-winning quarterback for Southern Methodist University.
The Trenton Thunder defeated the Akron Aeros to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
The song refers to the Jimmie Rodgers song "Honeycomb", which had been recorded a few months earlier in 1957.
Helina is a very large genus from the fly family Muscidae.
He took figures of 0-23 from 12 overs of bowling.
Other members include Isla Eckinger (bass), Peter Schmidlin (drums) and Tutilo Odermatt (piano).
A contemporary of Saint David who worked in Wales for thirty years establishing three churches.
MRF family members include MyoD, Myf5, myogenin, and MRF4 (Myf6).
On Receiving an Account that his only Sister's Death was Inevitable was composed by Samuel Taylor Coleridge in 1794.
In 1900, he pitched and played first base for Bud Fowler and his Smoky City Giants.
It was discovered on 3 January 1981, by American astronomer Edward Bowell at Lowell's Anderson Mesa Station in Flagstaff, Arizona.
The Hochmatt is a mountain of the Bernese Alps, located south of Jaun in the canton of Fribourg.
Isabel Nancy Hilton OBE (born 25 November 1949 in Aberdeen) is a Scottish journalist and broadcaster based in London.
He was sentenced to 6 years imprisonment in the Netherlands and paroled after 4 years.
Prolagus oeningensis is an extinct lagomorph and the type species of its genus, Prolagus.
On television, her credits include roles on Criminal Minds, Sleeper Cell, and Joey.
Nearby settlements include the parish village of Great Saling and the hamlet of Gransmore Green.
The flight units were planned to be delivered later after the ETU, which enabled testing with other JWST hardware.
Forever: Rich Thugs, Book One is the sixth studio album by American hip hop group Above the Law.
In December 2013, Western Tech was named one of six public Blue Ribbon Schools in Maryland for 2014.
The condition is often divided based on the severity into two types, macromastia and gigantomastia.
Darwin Turner, better known by his stage name Choppa, is an American rapper and songwriter.
The Lehigh Valley Terminal was a railroad station in downtown Buffalo, New York.
The filming of the show took place at the Los Angeles Center Studios.
It is the center of the Naqshbandi order in the sub-continent.
It is the official journal of the Herpetological Club of Oradea (Romania).
The boy was Cuthbert who became a great church leader and saint himself and succeeded St. Aidan.
It aims to promote and develop biomedical science and its practitioners.
The VT320 was an ANSI standard computer terminal introduced by Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) in 1987.
Tinton Falls is a borough in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.
The flow battery stores energy separately from its system for discharging.
The Wegener Halvo Formation is a geologic formation in Greenland.
Christian M'Pumbu (born June 2, 1977) is a French-Congolese professional mixed martial artist.
This assembly was preceded by the 2004-2006 assembly and was followed by the 2008-2010 assembly.
Moving to Hollywood, he was hired to photograph movie stars but quickly became a freelance photographer.
On 11 June 2018, Portsmouth F.C. announced they had signed Brown on a free transfer.
Saputo used to own the Canadian rights to Hostess Brands products, including the Twinkie.
Isotoma luticola is a small herbaceous plant in the family Campanulaceae native to Western Australia.
It is found in Australia in the states: Queensland, New South Wales, and Victoria.
The band is recognizable due to their makeup and costumes, with each member having an onstage persona.
It is published by Routledge on behalf of the Society for the Scientific Study of Sexuality.
She served as a transport vessel in the British government's expedition to the Red Sea in 1801.
Alister MacGorrie, son of Godfrey was executed at Inverness by King James I of Scotland in 1427.
However adaptive reuse can become controversial as there is sometimes a blurred line between renovation, facadism and adaptive reuse.
The history of the Jews in Zimbabwe reaches back over one century.
Xiao Luxi (born 19 July 1982) is a Singaporean badminton player.
The distinctive roofline comprises an octagonal corner turret, a central dormer, and a very large side dormer.
The architectural design of the station is by Robert Mac Fadden.
"Cassie" Ainsworth is a fictional character in the television series Skins, portrayed by Hannah Murray.
The Gauribidanur Radio Observatory is a radio telescope observatory located at Gauribidanur, near Bengaluru.
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9,422 persons living in 1576 individual households.
It is the second single from their fourth album Dosage.
Artifacts include a 16th-century altar (1588), a 13th-century baptismal font, and a carved pulpit from 1604.
IDW Publishing inked a deal with Eternal Descent to publish the comic book series.
It began as a collaboration between Matthias Hoffmann and Ralf Hildenbeutel, who later left.
The other local school districts are Amherst, Firelands, Vermilion and Eyria.
Founded in the early 1980s, the group receives no government funding, unlike many similar organizations in the United Kingdom.
Leutnant Ludwig Luer was a German World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories.
This page is a summary of the postal codes of Switzerland and Liechtenstein.
It is an adaptation of the novel In the First Circle by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn.
In 1856, the first school in Cedar city was built.
The town was started as a mission station of Africa Inland Mission in 1895 by Peter Cameron Scott.
"It's [meaning the new format] going to stay a secret," Kemp said.
This race consisted of two lengths of the pool, both in freestyle.
Salvin's prion, Pachyptila salvini, also known as medium-billed prion, is a species of seabird in the petrel family Procellariidae.
Weber performed on the sole GG Allin and the Murder Junkies studio album Brutality and Bloodshed for All.
The National Reality Truth Creation Party was a minor political party in Belize.
The film stars Jayabharathi, KPAC Lalitha, Bahadoor and K. P. Ummer in lead roles.
Stuart George Wilkinson from Ulverston is an English professional rugby league football coach and former player from Barrow in Cumbria.
The BlackBerry Curve 8520 is a smartphone from the BlackBerry Curve series manufactured in Canada.
The Florida Department of Education (FLDOE) is the state education agency of Florida.
The 2017 Omikron European Go Congress took place in Oberhof, Germany.
Duno went on to drive for SAMAX Motorsport that season.
Its bracts are red and this is the unique point of this plant.
He is popular folk hero of bardic poetry of region.
He plays for Serie B club Pescara as a defender.
He made his debut against North Melbourne in round 1 of the 2014 season.
His brother restores pre-World War II Bentleys for a living.
The M51 motorway is a 2x2 road without hard shoulder between the 51 road and the M5 motorway.
In late 2014, the Navy started released the device to its surface fleet, distributing over 1,170 NeRDs.
Plano is a CDP in Warren County, Kentucky, United States.
She became the first woman to serve as Chief Judge in any Oklahoma appellate court.
In 1947-48 senior matches moved to Inglewood Oval, then in October 1978 to Cornwall Reserve in Dianella.
The Chandless State Park (Portuguese: Parque Estadual Chandless) is a state park in the state of Acre, Brazil.
It is the second most populous town within Washington County.
Thomas Jensen Orloff is the retired district attorney for Alameda County, California.
He also came second in the 2000 Grand National on Melly Moss.
In 1732, the church launched a global mission, going first to the Caribbean.
CLJ 105 was a case heard in the Federal Court of Malaysia.
The guests of honor will be Melissa Scott and Eleanor Arnason.
Adam Marcus (born 1968) is an American film director, writer and actor.
The Portuguese Governor's Mansion in Pondicherry, India is a historic building.
Formerly licensed to Starke, Florida, United States, the station was owned by Dickerson Broadcasting, Inc.
It was theatrically released in Hungary on April 12, 2008 and in the United States in 2009.
Extended Movement is a promotional extended play, released by trance DJ BT during his Movement in Still Life era.
It is the first independent film produced by Skylight Films which premiered inside the PBB house on January 24.
It was formed under the Municipal Corporations Act 1835 from the Ancient borough of Chesterfield.
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Clarke County, Virginia.
Hur Nam-sik (born March 14, 1949 in Uiryeong, Gyeongsangnam-do, South Korea) was the 33rd, 34th, 35th mayor of Busan city.
He is also a co-founder of Immunant, Inc., a start-up company specializing in software security.
Katakana is a Unicode block containing katakana characters for the Japanese and Ainu languages.
Members of Cambridge's Light Blue Boat wear a similar blazer in the light blue Cambridge colors.
It is also their first album to feature Marshal Dutton as the new lead vocalist.
Agniolophia schurmanni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Perpindahan Mata-Mata is a settlement on the outskirts of Bandar Seri Begawan, the capital of Brunei.
It is best known as the home of Saint Leo University, Holy Name Monastery and Saint Leo Abbey.
The program consisted of various informative, educational, business and entertainment shows locally oriented.
Barbpdes joaquinae is a species of freshwater ray-finned fish from the carp and minnow family, Cyprinidae.
It is published with the help of Florida State University and Campus Progress and is currently edited by Perry Peruccelli.
When it was first broadcast, critics praised the series as intelligent, sophisticated, cleverly written, well-cast, and well-timed.
Pioneer Park is located in Tumwater, Washington, on the Deschutes River.
Lake Linow is a volcanic lake located outside Tomohon, near Manado, Indonesia.
He is proficient at such instruments as drums, guitar, melodica, piano, and synthesizer.
Basketligaen (English: Basketball League) is the highest professional basketball league in Denmark.
Five percent of the population practices traditional faiths, 71.2% adhere to Christianity and 17.6% are Muslim.
The ABRC's holdings and stock distribution rates have increased rapidly so that presently hundreds of thousands of stocks are available.
The Athletic Director is Andrew Sears, who is also a physical education teacher.
These muscles are found in 75% of flying insects and have convergently evolved 7-10 times.
Lingard first entered state parliament as the member for Fassifern at the 1983 state election.
There are 120,250 Chinese people in London, comprising 1.5% of the city's population.
It can manifest as tears that are anything from merely red-tinged to appearing to be entirely made of blood.
Backwoods Home's articles and columns emphasize practical skills and projects for rural living.
Victory Heights is a residential suburb of Kalgoorlie-Boulder, a city in the Eastern Goldfields region of Western Australia.
Kainic acid is an agonist for kainate receptors, a type of ionotropic glutamate receptor.
Jack McCauley Jebb (born 11 September 1995) is an English professional footballer who plays for Welling United.
It is a tributary of the Tuy River and is 72 kilometers (45 miles) long in length.
Caesar and Pompey is a Jacobean era stage play, a classical tragedy written by George Chapman.
It is widely used technique for separating proteins according to size and charge.
Often combined for political purposes, although they feature dramatically different political and socioeconomic characteristics.
Hepcidin is a key regulator of the entry of iron into the circulation in mammals.
Munger is an unincorporated community in Reynolds County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Engelbrecht is a common family name (surname) of Germanic origin.
News @ 6 air their last broadcast in July 9, 2016 to make way for PTV News (Evening Edition).
Jesus says nothing about the propriety of such demands, Schweizer notes that Jesus simply accepts it as fact.
In 1991 an expansion of the Science Center brought the Kramer IMAX Theater to the City of Regina.
A man-lifting kite is a kite designed to lift a person from the ground.
Despite the goal of automation, CalWIN requires manual interventions to prevent certain erroneous determinations and actions.
"We Made You" was written by Eminem, Andre Young, Dawaun Parker, Mark Batson, Trevor Lawrence Jr. and Walter Egan.
The album draws upon J.R.R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings for inspiration.
However, he was in favor of green energy solutions decades before they were popular.
The community was located in Monroe Township along the west bank of the North Skunk River.
All Balls Don't Bounce is the debut studio album by American rapper Aceyalone.
A variety of products are classified as IMF such as dried fruits, sugar added commodities, marshmallows, and pie fillings.
The New Tristano is an album by jazz pianist Lennie Tristano.
The by-election was won by Nationalist candidate Herbert Pratten, who resigned from the Senate to run.
Colin Samuel Bensadon (born 20 January 1988 in Gibraltar) is a Gibraltarian swimmer.
Taylor also worked as a producer and writer on the USA Network series The Dead Zone.
Guerolito is the second remix album by Beck, released in December 2005.
Unlike races at Ascot Racecourse or Epsom Racecourse, the attire is considerably more casual.
Trick is a 1999 American gay-themed romantic comedy film starring Christian Campbell, John Paul Pitoc and Tori Spelling.
Its headquarters is the Total Plaza in Downtown Houston, Texas.
The George Cobb House is a historic house located at 24 William Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.
Pack Creek flows through Spanish Valley north northwestward into Moab Valley toward its confluence with the Colorado River.
The station also features a navvy museum, dedicated to the builders of the railways in Norway.
They were published on 5 June 1942 for the United Kingdom and Canada.
The film was shot in the Silver Falls State Park in Silverton, Oregon.
It is co-hosted by the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas and Austin College.
Macrocheilus niger is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Anthiinae.
In 2013, the company was sold to GenCorp, becoming part of Aerojet Rocketdyne.
Naugatuck is a consolidated borough and town in New Haven County, Connecticut, United States.
India, there are some regulations and restrictions with regard to establishing industries in certain categories.
It also has a specialist library and an exhibition center.
The print magazine featured more than 1,000 author interviews since its inception.
Larsen & Toubro Limited, commonly known as L&T, is the largest Indian multi-national firm headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.
Morgantown is a town in Jackson Township, Morgan County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
On October 5, 1980, the church became San Francisco Landmark number 116.
Mueda Airport (IATA: MUD, ICAO: FQMD) is an airport serving Mueda, Cabo Delgado Province, Mozambique.
The Journal of the American College of Radiology (sometimes abbreviated JACR) is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering radiology.
If students win competitions, they have a chance to be recognized by superiors in the welding industry.
All fixed commemorations below are observed on November 13 by Eastern Orthodox Churches on the Old Calendar.
It seemed almost as if I had my eyes shut.
MacRumors.com is a website that aggregates Mac and Apple related news, rumors, and reports.
Calosima tesserae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family which is endemic to Costa Rica.
It was filmed by cinematographer Jomon T. John and most portions of the film were shot in Kashmir.
To date, they have released seven studio albums, one EP, two live albums and one compilation album.
Alphasatellites are single stranded satellite DNA that are dependent on a virus for transmission.
Fall is a U.S. film of 2014 starring Jennifer Butler, Malcolm McDowell and D. B. Sweeney.
Hogans Hill is an unincorporated community in Westmoreland County, in the U. S. state of Virginia.
Professor Induruwa is considered the father of Internet in Sri Lanka.
The Libyan passport is issued to citizens of Libya for international travel.
Samuel-Leport received the 1989 Sunday Times International Sports Woman of the Year and 1987 Jamaican Jubliee Award for Excellence.
John Lindsay, 19th Earl of Crawford and 3rd Earl of Lindsay (died December 1713) was a Scottish peer and politician.
The same field is also used to indicate the size of some Ethernet frames.
This is the self-titled debut solo album by hip-hop artist Flavor Flav.
Salvador do Sul is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
SS Kilkenny was a passenger vessel built for the City of Dublin Steam Packet Company in 1903.
Firdaus Kassim is a former Singaporean youth footballer and professional football coach.
The European Union has planned a resolution on the Arctic Strategy for the EU.
The Merovingians were later replaced by a new dynasty called the Carolingians in the 8th century.
The category's name was changed to Best Southern, Country or Bluegrass Gospel Album in 1998.
Iceland competed at the 2016 Winter Youth Olympics in Lillehammer, Norway from 12 to 21 February 2016.
Kingston London Borough Council is the local authority for the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames in Greater London, England.
Jacob Schmid (born 18 January 1994) is an Australian professional racing cyclist.
Rei vindicatio was derived from the ius civile, and therefore was available only to Roman citizens.
The original seat of the Hesketh family was Rufford Old Hall in the village of Rufford in Lancashire.
Dale Stevenson (born 1 January 1988) is an Australian athlete.
The families included are the Araucariaceae, Cupressaceae, Pinaceae, Podocarpaceae, Sciadopityaceae, and Taxaceae.
Windom is a town in Fannin County, Texas, United States.
He made his feature film debut in 2005 with Pervert!, a tribute to the films of Russ Meyer.
Cuttoli-Corticchiato is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica.
The town was incorporated on February 29, 1840 making it the only town in Maine incorporated on Leap Day.
Occupy Vanderbilt engaged in organized meetings, events and actions through March 2012.
The League is the only organization that connects each and every municipality regardless of size or geographic location.
It sold 1.2 million copies domestically and earned a platinum certification from the RIAA.
It is found on the Kei Islands and Tanimbar Islands.
As of January 2017, it has sold over 6 million copies.
This hariy-shelled snail was once confused with Trochulus hispidus, which it superficially resembles.
His resignation triggered a by-election in the Richmond Park constituency in which Goldsmith stood as an independent candidate.
Atle Gulbrandsen (born 15 September 1979 in Hamar, Norway) is a racing driver and television announcer.
2009 Camparini Gioielli Cup was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor red clay courts.
West Virginia gubernatorial election was held on November 6, 2012, to elect the governor of West Virginia.
Lau has been involved with the Saskatchewan Greens since their founding as the "New Green Alliance" in 1998.
He was appointed Steward of Chipping Campden by its charter of 13 June 1605.
It was made by Paramount Pictures at the company's New York Studios.
Carlos Humberto Ramos Rivera (born 29 April 1958) is a Chilean former footballer.
You will not be able to pull your headphones out" and YourEDM's Timmy Kusnierek wrote "...
Silene sennenii is a species of plant in the Caryophyllaceae family.
Jeff Lorber co-produced this album with band leader Emilio Castillo.
The Office of the Secretary of State of Vermont is located at 128 State Street.
Mario is the eponymous debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Mario.
The Takoma Park Neighborhood Library is part of the District of Columbia Public Library (DCPL) System.
Since 1986, there have been major developments on the site with four new college buildings.
The gate is located at Plumbangan village, Doko subdistrict, Blitar Regency, East Java, Indonesia.
In its first year, the event had a narrower focus and was called Slavic Esperanto Study (Esperanto: Slava Esperanto-Studado).
She was appointed by Governor Rick Scott to serve on the 2017-2018 Florida Constitution Revisions Commission.
Buena Vista Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
Caraway's mission is to provide each guest with comfortable facilities, gracious hospitality, and friendly service in a Christian environment.
Shadlen is a jazz guitarist and interested in the relation between jazz and neuroscience.
Illustrative of its usefulness, it prevents gumming in aviation fuels.
Cerapachys paradoxus is a species of ant in the genus Cerapachys.
Baxter played his usual role as "Dr. Research", the resident scientist in the film series.
The company was based in Greensboro, North Carolina and its mills were mostly in North and South Carolina.
As such, it opened in 1898, making the school today one of the oldest public high schools in North Carolina.
Pherechoa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
Sir John Birch was Ambassador to Hungary until his retirement in 1995.
From the fourth series, Still Game was broadcast across the UK on BBC Two.
The primary set a record for spending in a California gubernatorial primary.
It has been held every year on Thanksgiving Day since 1908.The first race had only 13 participants.
Stony Cut, Cold Hesledon is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the Easington district of north-east County Durham, England.
Since 2000 is the President of the Lega Italiana per la Lotta ai Tumori (Italian League Against Cancer).
Kothangudithattimal is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India.
Billy has been described as a "runt of a man who's a catalyst for trouble".
The family first settled in Providence, Rhode Island before moving to Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 1842.
Recently he has competed mostly in road running races in the USA.
The website features articles on employment law issues, including overtime, discrimination, retaliation, privacy and whistleblower rights.
The title track was recorded live in Antwerp in November 2008.
It was founded in 1952 by cardiac surgery pioneer Dwight Harken.
Construction started in 1901 and, by 1903, a 9.2-inch Mark X breech-loading gun had been mounted.
The character was introduced in 2013, and the role was originated by Disney and Broadway star Corbin Bleu.
LabX Media Group is an Ontario-based media and technology company focused on the biological research community.
It debuted and peaked at number 10 on the UK Albums Chart and has been certified Silver.
Flora of the Sonoran Desert includes six subdivisions based on vegetation types.
It was directed by Joonas Neuvonen and produced by Jesse Fryckman and Oskari Huttu.
RTSier is since that time the MC and live performer on stage.
He specializes in modern Korean history and contemporary international relations.
It extends from the southern edges of Mynydd Preseli to the Pembrokeshire-Carmarthenshire border.
His writing has appeared in numerous publications including The Stage Newspaper, The Huffington Post, The Guardian and The Evening Standard.
When trying to negotiate an exchange of prisoners he was himself taken captive by the Taliban.
The South Eastern Indigenous Media Association is the station operator.
After arguably his best season in 1970, he was traded to the White Sox.
The current presenter is Anders S. Nilsson, who has hosted the show since 2004.
Seve Benson (born 4 November 1986) is an English professional golfer.
An independent regulatory agency is a regulatory agency that is independent from other branches or arms of the government.
Prior to the start of the 2017 season, Jay was rated as the Twins' 2nd best prospect by Baseball Prospectus.
2 Liberal member Ray Groom resigned on 9 August 2001.
It was produced by Brian Howes and officially released March 25 on the iTunes Store.
Bullaburra railway station is located on the Main Western line in New South Wales, Australia.
Ku'aydinah District is a district of the Hajjah Governorate, Yemen.
Monroe is a city in Snohomish County, Washington, United States.
According to the Archeological Survey of India, the architectural signature of the temple is mainly "Chalukyan".
Apatophysis kadleci is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, in the subgenus Apatophysis.
He played in The Football League for Watford and Chester.
The tournament was held from 7 November through 13 November 1976.
Dellview Road, the community's only paved road, forms the town's northern border.
The Benny Award is the highest honor that can be bestowed to a New Zealand variety entertainer.
She attended the University of California, Santa Barbara, and was declared as a Psychology major.
The smallest town in Indiana is New Amsterdam, with a population of 27.
It is a part of the Adak Naval Air Station and lies between Mount Adagdak and Mount Moffett.
The Nepalese are one of the fastest growing ethnic minorities in Hong Kong.
AHN's primary focus is breaking headline news and a small investigative news effort.
The new Central Coast Council held elections in September 2017.
From 1998 to 2000, he portrayed Brett Parker in Power Play.
The show was created by long-time Stargate franchise writer Damian Kindler.
Ruth Lake is spring-fed lake located in Nipissing Township, in the Almaguin Highlands region of Parry Sound District, Ontario, Canada.
Dominic D. P. Johnson is an Alistair Buchan Professor of International Relations at St Antony's College, Oxford.
In addition to Colombia, it is distributed in Ecuador, Panama, Mexico, Argentina, Costa Rica and Peru.
The Colchester Village Historic District encompasses most of the historic village center of Colchester, Connecticut.
The episode originally aired on Nickelodeon in the United States on February 20, 2006 as a half-hour special.
Vian Sora (born 1976 in Baghdad, Iraq) is an Iraqi American artist.
It is produced by GameDay Productions, a private television production company based in Fort Worth, Texas.
It is used in garden chemicals such as moss killers and slug pellets.
Joe first appeared on 4 September 2006 and left the show on 12 September 2008.
East Camden MLA Robert Owen resigned on 3 March 1859 to take a seat on a District Court.
Two men pretended they wanted to open a hole in the sky and thank Bobbi-Bobbi personally.
These capabilities are: human spaceflight operations, small satellite launch, and advanced aerospace design, manufacturing, and test.
Timothy Michael Dolan (born February 6, 1950) is an American cardinal prelate of the Catholic Church.
There are also selections from Sufjan Stevens, Rick James, and Tony Tisdale featured on the album.
The Cantus Buranus CD was released August 8, 2005 by Roadrunner Records.
Fronius is active in the fields of welding technology, photovoltaics and battery charging technology.
Hautvillers is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Epiclea is a genus of moths belonging to the Limacodidae family.
Solieria is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
He is currently preparing the barrier for final testing and deployment for the protection of both sharks and man.
It is built from red brick, in Flemish Bond, with a slate roof.
Altay is a county-level city in Altay Prefecture within Ili Kazakh Autonomous Prefecture, in far northern Xinjiang, China.
In Psalm 32 the Psalmist (traditionally, King David) expresses the joy of being released from great suffering.
Colin Bates is a former professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s.
The dry medium can be applied to almost any surface from smooth to very coarse.
The site is known for its bluebells in the spring.
IPL invented the concept of list processing, albeit in an assembly-language style.
Until that date, WJXF was a repeater of non-Equity WBXK-CA.
The women's synchronized 10 meter platform was part of the Diving at the 2018 Commonwealth Games program.
This is the discography of Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Galija.
Ayavej or Aiavej is a village in Palitana Taluka of Bhavnagar district of Gujarat, India.
An associated platform mound is conspicuous to the many drivers who pass by daily on US 441 Business.
He has been fully blind since he lost his eyesight to cancer at age eight.
In Bangladesh, the combination of triamcinolone acetonide and econazole nitrate is branded as Pevisone by Janssen Pharmaceutica.
The building stands atop what used to be the Savoyard Creek near its confluence with the Detroit River.
The definition of the equipment, and what 'Roman chair exercise' specifically means, is not clear.
Janis Ian was an editor of the original short story, and is the dedicatee of the resulting novel.
Leptostylus spermovoratis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family.
Young Love was one of the earliest romance comics titles, published by Crestwood/Prize, and later sold to DC Comics.
In 2015, he was awarded a second honorary Doctor of Letters degree from Mountview Academy of Theater Arts.
In the European Union, lactylates must be labeled in accordance with the requirements of the applicable EU regulation.
A smaller number of pupils are from schools including Bramford, Hill Avenue, Lanesfield and Foxyards.
HMS Express was a B-class torpedo boat destroyer of the British Royal Navy.
Lipiduria is most frequently observed in nephrotic syndrome where it is passed as lipoproteins along with other proteins.
Polyadenylate-binding protein-interacting protein 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the PAIP1 gene.
A large park and ride lot is located at this station.
The Survival of an American Armored Division in World War II is a 1998 memoir by Belton Y. Cooper.
It was described by Gilmour in 1959, and is known from southern Brazil.
Adults feed on nectar while caterpillars can feed on buckwheats, lupines, trefoils, and milkvetches.
The Iowa County portion of Blanchardville is part of the Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The award includes a $5,000 honorarium and the award recipient will be announced at the ACM - IEEE Supercomputing Conference.
Meadows Township was named for the prairie within its borders.
Jurinea is a genus of plants in the sunflower family.
Marodian was centered on Gayndah and Goomeri, and incorporated parts of the former Isis and Wide Bay electorates.
She was formerly a justice of the Illinois Appellate Court, First District, 3rd Division.
She also is a presenter on her television show on channel TLC Thando Bares All.
The nine divers with the highest scores advanced to the final.
Ormond is a novel by Maria Edgeworth published in June 1817.
On 29 March 2011, The Harmonium Sessions was released digitally by Nettwerk.
She performed the song on the live telecast of the 11th annual Music City News Country Songwriters Awards.
In 1973, he was selected to the Pro Bowl as a WR.
Gameplay in the series generally involves the player hiding and escaping from enemy pursuers without any weapons to defeat them.
The art mixed modern painting techniques with ancient designs and cultural law.
Yearby is a village in the borough of Redcar and Cleveland and the ceremonial county of North Yorkshire, England.
The species of this genus are present in most of Europe.
Geronimo Bruni, an Italian painter and etcher known for battle scenes, was a pupil of Jacques Courtois.
Stenagra multipunctata is a moth in the Cossidae family, and the only species in the genus Stenagra.
The lake offers year-round fishing for yellow perch, crappie, rainbow trout, and walleye.
The 2010 International Leipzig Festival for Documentary and Animated Film ran from 18 until 24 October 2010.
Two different versions of the character have appeared in two separate continuities.
Wesley typically referred to it in 18th-century language as prevenient grace.
Sushil Kohli is an Indian swimmer and water polo player.
The film had its world premiere on 27 June 2013 at the Edinburgh International Film Festival.
It was spoken by the El Molo people on the southeastern shore of Lake Turkana, in northern Kenya.
The 52nd Precinct located in a historic building at 3016 Webster Avenue.
Coca-Cola used coca leaf extract in its products from 1885 and until about 1903.
The jury president was announced as the actress Annette Bening on 5 July 2017.
It is native to the southeastern United States where it is found in wet acidic grasslands.
Luganville Soccer City Stadium is a sports stadium located in Luganville, Vanuatu.
In essence, she is the clever woman who is to be seen as far more clever than men.
It serves to protect the kaya and its inhabitants, one buried at the entrance and exit of each kaya.
It encompasses much of the southeastern and southernmost portions of California.
Although Kurt Busch won the pole position, he was immediately passed by Jeff Gordon at the start of the race.
Christopher Jenks (born 12 June 1947) is a British sociologist who was Vice-Chancellor of Brunel University from 2006 to 2012.
Appenzeller has a documented history of at least 700 years.
He previously worked as a senior administrator and men's ice hockey coach at Washington & Jefferson College.
The system offered a number of innovative features, and was the brainchild of Frank Soltis and Glenn Henry.
RootsChat is a free online genealogy forum for researching family history through collaboration.
SDO's programs focus on community-based peace building, education, civil society development and community health in 12 provinces of Afghanistan.
Adjacent to the flea market a mall, the Panorama Shopping Center, recently opened for business.
Many use their own or their children's names as a symbol of solidarity within their culture.
In the film, David also revealed that he is HIV-positive.
The aroma of nerolidol is woody and reminiscent of fresh bark.
Ejaji is a town in the woreda of Cheliya, Ethiopia.
He is best known for being the producer and director of the 2012 feature film, Broadway's Finest.
The mimic was introduced in the first edition Advanced Dungeons & Dragons game's original Monster Manual.
Thiamethoxam affects bumblebees negatively according to independent European scientific studies from 2014 and 2016.
XBLite is released under the GNU GPL licensing scheme, Standard libraries are released under the GNU LGPL licensing scheme.
The 2013 Bushehr earthquake occurred with a moment magnitude of 6.3 on April 9 in Iran.
As its name implies, it comprised teams in the Canadian province of Ontario.
She was built at Deptford Dockyard, being launched on 6 October 1562.
Bessarakpenbe is a village in the Bassar Prefecture in the Kara Region of north-western Togo.
She has received positive reviews of her singing and acting performance.
Tridentifrons is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
Karanje is a village in the Karmala taluka of Solapur district in Maharashtra state, India.
MAPK signaling pathways regulate multiple features of development and homeostasis.
Each year for three days at the beginning of July, the Gayant festival takes place.
It is generally restricted to areas of high quality native vegetation.
Anne Veenendaal (born 7 September 1995) is a Dutch field hockey player for the Dutch national team.
In February 2016, she was appointed as the new chair of the Judiciary and Government Relations Committee.
It is not a mineral species approved by International Mineralogical Association.
In February 2004 he took part in a fact-finding visit to Colombia organized by the group Justice for Colombia.
Karim Florent Laghouag (born 4 August 1975) is a French Olympic equestrian.
Glenmore is a Gaelic Athletic Association club situated in the south of County Kilkenny, Ireland.
It contains a single species, Mkilua fragrans, which is found in Kenya and Tanzania.
The Grip Pod is a commercial weapon stabilization system that serves as a weapon grip and as a retractable bipod.
North London extends from the north side of the River thames, to the norther Greater London boundary.
She currently resides in Copenhagen, and is married to Tore Vulpius.
It is the second book in the Dark Nest Trilogy by Troy Denning.
The 1967 playoff marked the 59th time that the Allan Cup has been awarded.
Aggregata is a genus of parasitic alveolates belonging to the phylum Apicomplexa.
The North Eastern Province was one of the provinces of Sri Lanka.
Klaus Schulze (born 4 August 1947) is a German electronic music composer and musician.
Politics was a Canadian political affairs television series which aired weekdays on CBC Newsworld, which was hosted by Don Newman.
Jacques LaDouceur (born April 29, 1959 in Port-au-Prince, Haiti) is a retired Haitian-American soccer forward.
He was a graduate of Vanderbilt University, the brother of Bob Blake and Dan Blake.
Wingfield would not provide funds for Wilkinson to purchase drugs and other necessities because of his view of Wilkinson's slothfulness.
Once a thriving commercial and educational center, nothing remains of Binnsville but a church and cemetery.
Samsung SCH-U940 (or Samsung Glyde) is a Verizon Wireless touch-screen phone made by Samsung.
In 2012, it counted 287,000 baptized people among a population of 322,779 inhabitants.
A total of eight teams will play in the final tournament, to be hosted by Zambia.
It is created using the little documented HTML keygen element inside a number of Netscape compatible browsers.
Property in Hot Wells, Texas near San Antonio was planned as an area to build a studio for productions.
If appropriately utilized, the practice could exert profound impacts on community empowerment, innovation and social change.
South Korean entertainer Rain has released seven studio albums, two compilation albums, two extended plays, and thirty-three singles.
Bryogomphus is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Pilocarpaceae.
Knighthood Grove is an unincorporated community in Addison Township, Shelby County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
The book includes a list of artists in alphabetical order and chronological order and a bibliography of sources.
As such, this usage is synonymous with sectarianism and associated with communal violence.
Depending on what practice the practitioner wishes to undertake, it can be done at a temple or at home.
It was established in 1957 and is published on behalf of the Association by Wiley-Blackwell.
He was first elected to Ward 5 in 1996, he was then reelected in 2000, 2004, and 2008.
Eucalyptus eugenioides, known as the thin-leaved stringybark, is a common eucalyptus tree in eastern Australia.
In 1981, she won gold in Ladies' Doubles with Sandra Skillings.
She also took the third place in the women's doubles event with Stella Amassah.
East is an administrative ward in the Ilala district of the Dar es Salaam Region of Tanzania.
135 Hertha is a large main-belt asteroid named Hertha, another name for Nerthus, a Germanic fertility goddess.
Company Caine, also styled as Co. Caine and Company Kane, were an Australian progressive rock band.
The station is operated by iHeartMedia (formerly Clear Channel Communication).
He was a Fellow of the Royal Entomological Society of London and a member of Societas Europaea Lepidopterologica.
He subsequently devoted himself to the study of history, philosophy, and the Oriental languages.
Anonima Petroli Italiana or simply api (in lower case) is a large oil company in Italy.
Casmena minuta is a species of leaf beetle of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, observed by Pic in 1952.
The remainder of the line, south of this station, opened on December 4, 2004.
She is considered as a representative of the new generation of Swiss poetry.
Both characters are members of the Syndicate Nine Major Incident Team (MIT) of the fictional Manchester Metropolitan Police.
Josephine Julia Fletcher (born 31 December 1980) is an English footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Watford.
Euglandina pan is a species of predatory air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Spiraxidae.
MAS-related GPR, member F, also known as MRGPRF, is a human gene.
This large-scale novel covers the period between 350 and 392 C.E..
He shot 48.2 percent on field goals and 38.0 percent for 3-pointers.
Currently it is affiliated at the SOAS the University of London.
This is a list of the works that American filmmaker and producer Francis Lawrence has been involved with.
East Moline is a city in Rock Island County, Illinois, United States.
The New Zealand Labor Party leadership election, 1989 was held to determine the leadership of the New Zealand Labor Party.
Dihydroartemisinin/piperaquine (DHA/PPQ) is a fixed dose combination medication used in the treatment of malaria.
CJWL's studios are located on York Street in the ByWard Market, while its transmitter is located in downtown Ottawa.
This is a list of the colonial heads of Bechuanaland Protectorate, which gained independence as Botswana in 1966.
This page lists all peers who held extant titles between the years 1090 and 1099.
Tetragnatha nitens is a species of long-jawed orb weaver in the family of spiders known as Tetragnathidae.
South Coast was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Queensland from 1960 to 1992.
Machete is a 2011 Philippine television drama fantasy series broadcast by GMA Network.
Its flowers emerge in early spring from April through June.
An alternate payee must be a spouse, former spouse, child or other dependent of the plan participant.
The genus is native to Central America and South America including the West Indies.
The Wetzel family settled on a section far upstream from the Ohio River in a fairly isolated location.
Succeeded to the command of the military forces in Jersey when the Governor Dru d'Barentin was slain.
College of Statistical and Actuarial Sciences is a constituent college of the University of the Punjab in Lahore.
Unlike the original, this remake is set in China, and features Kung Fu instead of Japanese-Okinawan Karate.
While most Chinese beers are pale lagers, other styles are occasionally found, such as Tsingtao Dark Beer.
The regimental headquarters are located at JR Vicars Armory in Kamloops, British Columbia.
Science Center AHHAA is the biggest science center in Estonia and the Baltic states, located in Tartu.
WIN-Initiative is an independent stock photography company that licenses images based on global youth culture.
The University of Saskatchewan location next to the South Saskatchewan River was across from the city center of Saskatoon.
He served as the campaign manager for Florida State Senator Aaron Bean.
After the treaty was signed he remained an ally of the Canadian government until his death.
With Diane Bubel, Aiken created the Bubel/Aiken Foundation in 2003, which was later renamed the National Inclusion Project.
Millard South is a member of the Nebraska School Activities Association.
Lake Mills is a city in Winnebago County, Iowa, United States.
The show's music was composed by Jermey Swede (Power Rangers TURBO).
Lot Torelli (Florence, October 30, 1835 - 1896) was an Italian sculptor.
The Division of Lyne is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales.
Back taxes is a term for taxes that were not completely paid when due.
Normally they fall under the command of 1st Marine Regiment and the 1st Marine Division.
It is maintained by the Local Education Authority (LEA), the City and County of Swansea.
Smackover-Norphlet School District No. 39 (SNSD), formerly Smackover School District 39, is a school district based in Smackover, Arkansas.
Godskitchen Global Gathering 2002 was broadcast live on Birmingham's Galaxy Radio on the 27 and 28 July.
It was at this school she was introduced to sport, particularly athletics and netball.
The series concluded on July 7, 2017 with a total of 60 episodes.
The Today sponge is a brand of plastic contraceptive sponge saturated with a spermicide nonoxynol-9 to prevent conception.
The Rockers were one of the original eight franchises of the WNBA, which started in 1997.
Side two largely consists of unused material for The Graduate soundtrack.
It is based on Edgar Wallace's bestselling novel of the same name.
The Impakt Festival is a yearly manifestation on media art, founded in 1988 in the city of Utrecht, Netherlands.
Prior to the mid-1970s, the station simulcasted with its Sister FM station.
Bay City is a city in Tillamook County, Oregon, United States.
The condition affects about 1 in 2,500 people of Europeans descent.
On election day, it trended Republican sharply, by a swing margin of 10.7% from the 2000 election.
There is also a large slum area along the tracks of Tikiapara.
It was the fifth running of the Individual Speedway Polish Championship.
European Democracy (Italian: Democrazia Europea, DE) was a minor Christian democratic and centrist political party in Italy.
Erickson Communities now has more than 18,000 residents living in a nationwide network of communities.
After his election, many articles have been written about him in Indian and American media including The New York Times.
It is chaired by the President of the Family Division, and in August 2012, became part of the President's office.
The site encourages taking action against discrimination of bandwidth distribution on the Internet.
It is also known as Breakfast Creek Joss House and Sarm Sung Goon.
Ajantha (full name and details unknown) was a Sri Lankan cricketer.
The series was a design competition hosted by interior designer Debbie Travis.
The men's stages are approximately one-hour criteriums (45 minutes plus 10 laps) with three sprints at 15-minute intervals.
LackeyCCG currently has Mac, Windows and Linux versions (It has also been reported to be stable on Linux via Wine.).
It is represented on Gatineau City Council by Myriam Nadeau.
Furthermore, he is editor in chief of the German magazine philatelie and the international magazine Phila Historica.
It was the 16th edition of the tournament and was held from 13 June through 18 June 2005.
Oxypracetus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
Albert Herring is a 1959 Australian TV play based on the opera.
Piletosoma is a genus of moths of the family Crambidae.
It also has minor extensions into northeastern British Columbia and south-central Northwest Territories.
Almost 23% of the riding's residents have a University degree.
This story lives on as "The Answered Prayer" and is the name of their first title.
Fish Rap Live!, also known as FRL!, is a triquarterly alternative humor publication at the University of California, Santa Cruz.
Artelida nobilitata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
The name also references local folklore, which tells of dragons occurring in this species's habitat in the past.
The Mississippi Book Festival is an annual book festival in Jackson, Mississippi, U.S..
The nature of the technology allows easy removal without residue, and makes it reusable.
Baojun 730 is a five-door seven-seater compact MPV produced by Baojun.
The group's music reflects its mix of New-Orleans' jazzmen and classically trained musicians.
It covers the battles, campaigns, leaders, and common soldiers of the Civil War.
He is currently the head coach of the Oregon State Beavers men's soccer team.
Niphona paraparallela is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Erickson is a member of the Online Film Critics Society (OFCS).
The following lists events that happened during 1861 in South Africa.
The Autostrada A30 is an Italian motorway which connects Caserta to Salerno.
PEP had opposed investment in the plant and had helped gather petitions and organize town meeting votes against its construction.
The book's main focus is on the Holy Grail tradition and its influence, particularly the Wasteland motif.
Paulsen won the race, finishing about one minute ahead of van der Zee.
The Zamitsa mine is one of the largest diamond mines in Russia and in the world.
He played in Fitzroy's win over Richmond at Brunswick Street Oval in round 15 and didn't feature again.
The End of Glory is a biography of Winston Churchill by British academic John Charmley.
It is a high proof uncut and unfiltered bourbon, aged for approximately 15 years.
It topped the charts in Italy, Spain and several countries in Asia.
Following this additional records from other newspapers were added and by 2005 there were one million entries.
In 2003, Larner was selected to be the very first dedicated Italian wine editor for Wine Enthusiast.
Medea is a 1988 TV movie directed by Lars von Trier.
Jougle Manoel Rodrigues or simply Jougle (born January 20, 1988) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder.
Toronto has an array of tourist attractions, and a rich cultural life.
The great-billed hermit (Phaethornis malaris) is a species of hummingbird in the family Trochilidae.
Lanny Meyers is an American composer, orchestrator, principal arranger and musical director.
The song was released as a single on 22 July 2014 by 1980 Records and BMG.
The total site occupies 25 hectares, of which 15 are within the sea itself.
Schools whose names are italicized are no longer in Division I and can no longer be included in the tournament.
It has a global distribution, but is often localized and rare in many parts of its range.
The song was published in 1917 by Waterson, Berlin, & Snyder Co., in New York, NY.
Other stars includes Raaj Kumar, Manoj Kumar, Mehmood, Balraj Sahni, Lalita Pawar and Shashikala.
Pleckgate High School is a mixed secondary school located in Blackburn, Lancashire, England.
Residents in Seymour Place only have access to laundry facilities and common areas in the main or annex buildings.
Stavangerpark, also known as the city park, is located around Breiavatnet in the center of Stavanger, Norway.
The church may have served as the seat of the Byzantine bishop of Soterioupolis.
The head coach was Mike Krzyzewski and the team finished the season with an overall record of 23-8.
Higgins was promoted to soloist in 1998 and danced until 2011.
For convenience, this Concordance uses the same word numbering system as Strong's Concordance.
Al Mac's Diner-Restaurant is an historic restaurant building at 135 President Avenue in Fall River, Massachusetts.
Mahmoud Samir (born 2 July 1981) is an Egyptian fencer.
Founded in 1956, was playing sometimes in Second and in Third Division.
The Savoy Sultans was the name of two related 20th-century jazz ensembles.
This species was named in honor of the Scottish botanist, Robert Brown.
It was a tutorial system and a scholarly library for working people who were not connected to an academic institution.
It's the writer of the song, Taj Jackson, who is singing it, and not Lee Carr or Ne-Yo.
The album was released on June 21, 2011, through Artery Recordings.
L'oracolo in Messenia is a 1738 opera by Vivaldi to a libretto by Apostolo Zeno.
Many of the important characteristics of these objects had been developed by the thirteenth century.
Her husband, Callum (Peter Mochrie) and children Hunter (Lee Donoghue) and Sophie (Kimberley Crossman) arrived in late-2006.
The fortress was completed in the 22nd year of the reign of King Seongjong.
There is no attempt to be purely detached and scientifically objective in reporting and analysis.
He was Chaplain at Wellington School from 1931 until 1939; and a Chaplain to the Forces from then until 1946.
Gherman graduated from Leningrad State University with an MA in Philosophy.
It was released in the European market in 2000 and was sold in combination with the Beatmania Controller (SLEH-00021).
Leading small groups, he often made incursions into the Pontic cities and within their territories.
The NEC is used for residential, commercial, and industrial building wiring.
Liberty purchased the Braves from Time Warner's Turner Broadcasting unit in 2007.
The dark-banded fusilier, blue-streak fusilier, bartail fusilier, or neon fusilier, Pterocaesio tile, is a fish belonging to the family Caesionidae.
Barbara Evelyn Bailey (born March 14, 1942) is an educator, writer and gender studies scholar from Kingston, Jamaica.
OpenSimulator is an open-source server platform for hosting virtual worlds and the Metaverse.
Have Fun is an EP released by Cyndi Lauper in 1996.
The station is on the only operational railway triangle on a preserved railway.
From 1990 to 2001 the percentage of Ugandans living with AIDS fell from 15% to between 5 and 6%.
Harry Hadden-Paton (born 10 April 1981) is a British actor.
It can be found on the Ucayali River on Peru.
Although John Mayer and Joe Harriott are perhaps the most important influences in the movement.
Many fossils have been found in this desert, including a hominid that was nicknamed Toumai.
Harpagodes is an extinct genus of fossil sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Harpagodidae.
WIOS (1480 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a format of talk.
This term is commonly used in opinion polling and survey sampling.
Burials in the churchyard include Congressman Andrew Jackson Montague and Chesty Puller.
Some attend college at California University, while others begin exploring avenues beyond post-secondary education.
St John's College, or the College of St John the Evangelist, is a residential college within the University of Sydney.
Varen is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
He was later invited to work at Global Television, where his award-winning editorials are currently shown nationally.
In the summer of 2015 the band Nicki Bluhm and the Gramblers parted ways with Tim Bluhm.
In late 2013, a friend urged him to audition for a small part in an indie film, Burning Bridges.
GNOME Commander is a 'two panel' graphical file manager for GNOME.
In 2004, Ismael Ramirez won the first ever Florida State League Pitcher of the Year Award.
Gliss are a Danish/American duo currently splitting time between Berlin, Los Angeles and Copenhagen.
The station is handicapped accessible with a short mini-high platform on the outbound end of the main platform.
The Sharks won a bidding war in late 2007 for Filiga, committing to a A$600,000 contract over three years.
A Congressional power of enforcement is included in a number of amendments to the United States Constitution.
In July 1883, a post office named "Dan" was established.
The pUIMID can usually be used in place of a unique UIMID, except when uniqueness is important.
Believed to have been established before 1405 it is located in 196-1 Gugi-dong in the Jongno-gu area of the city.
In 2015 she retired from Montgomery County to devote her full attention to her service in the Maryland legislature.
Physical Layer Convergence Protocol is the physical layer protocol of several data transmission networks.
Grammars and dictionaries were published in Swedish, French, English, Italian, and German.
The 2012 Stony Brook Seawolves baseball team represents Stony Brook University in the 2012 NCAA Division I baseball season.
Passiontide is observed in many provinces of the Anglican Communion, for example in the Church of England.
Changes in the development team working on a project often exacerbate lava flows.
Tuohy grew up in Ireland and played Gaelic football before making a code switch to Australian rules football.
Chengdu Grain Storage Research Institute (CGSRI) is a grain storage research and development and quality inspection facility in Chengdu, China.
The algorithm is optimized for accents present in the study area (southern part of the city of Dunedin, New Zealand).
He officially retired, April 13, 2011, from Fox Sports Arizona network after 18 years calling the NBA's Phoenix Suns games.
It borders Ramsey to the north, and Wyckoff to the south.
It was effective in animal models of Parkinson's disease, but was unsuccessful in human trials.
I was the king of Assyria from 1435 BC to 1420 BC.
It depicts Saint Joseph, the Virgin Mary, and the baby Jesus.
He first appeared in the uncirculated Motion Picture Funnies Weekly #1 in 1939.
It was the first step on creation of new college.
Santipur is a locality in Guwahati near the south bank of the river Brahmaputra.
Larry Hicks is a Republican member of the Wyoming Senate, representing the 11th district since 2011.
Codename was a short-lived British television series produced by the BBC in 1970.
American Dad! is the first television series to have its inception on Animation Domination.
Parts of the federally recognized Bois Forte and Fond du Lac Indian reservations are in the county.
Mareura is a genus of moths of the family Noctuidae.
Improvement in dressing room, grass, scoreboard, and other amenities were carried out.
The half-hour show was hosted Bob Dyer, who had previously hosted a version for radio on the Macquarie Radio Network.
The election was conducted by the independent Victorian Electoral Commission.
He is out of drag, but when he holds up his hand, you can see his blue nail polish.
The development of Vesterbro progressed, when the city walls of Aarhus were demolished in 1851.
But the Canadian team's luck ran dry in the semifinals, as the U.S. beat them on penalties after tying 0-0.
Sarsia is a genus of hydrozoan in the family Corynidae.
The river is bridged by Alberta Highway 2 and flows past the hamlet of Assineau, Alberta.
It stars Jeff East as Huckleberry Finn and Paul Winfield as Jim.
The legend has inspired works of poetry, literature and art.
Rottigawad is a village in Dharwad district of Karnataka, India.
Serving the North Thompson Valley from Heffley Creek to Blue River, the Star/Journal focuses on issues and events.
After six seasons with the Rock, including a Championship in 2005, Wilson was traded to the Rochester Knighthawks.
Film Farm India is a production house based in Mumbai, India.
At least one group of geologists has concluded the zone represents the closure of an ocean basin.
Following the war she was sold in 1946 and broken up for scrap in 1956.
When plans for a broadcast were dropped, the project became a feature film.
He is currently a cast member in the variety show Non Summit and Where Is My Friend's Home.
Gibberula elisae is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Cystiscidae.
Phytomyza solidaginivora is a species of leaf miner flies (insects in the family Agromyzidae).
He was selected as the Christian Democrats parliamentary candidate for the 2014 Swedish elections.
Kurt Vonnegut said in 1976 that "an awful lot" of his work is rooted in this single book.
Up to the 1950s, closed systems were disassembled and cleaned manually.
The company has 23 branches / representative offices with over 6,000 professionals in over 50 countries.
Bear Creek is a stream in Richland and Sauk counties, in the U.S. state of Wisconsin.
He also played for FC Lausanne-Sport, FC Bern 1894, and CA Paris-Charenton.
The station's main building, which consisted of a boiler house and turbine hall, stood at two stories tall.
In July 2012 it became a transfer station to the U Line.
The plot focused on a group of teenage castaways on an uninhabited tropical island after a plane crash.
It is now a museum about Karl Marx's life and writings as well as the history of communism.
The series aired three seasons and focused on the personal lives of several students attending Laguna Beach High School.
Drudy ran the label until it ceased to exist in 2009.
T.V.Venkataswamy is the former member of Karnataka Legislative Council and the founder of Madhugiri Education Society.
Kuffs is a 1992 American action comedy film directed by Bruce A. Evans and produced by Raynold Gideon.
Idriess wrote the book based on the diaries of soldier Jim Moody.
It is an activity of the European standardization organization ETSI.
Chouy is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
It hosts the annual Chinese Figure Skating Championships and the Cup of China.
Joel Barcellos (born 27 November 1936) is a Brazilian actor.
Jack Dempsey (1878 - 10 December 1913) was an Irish Gaelic footballer.
The primary regulator of television content is the National Television Council (CNTV).
The genus was named by Cuvier in 1821 and contains up to three species.
None of their fossils are known from the Triassic when the morphological changes from Protelytroptera to Dermaptera presumably took place.
Holidays with Pay (Agriculture) Convention, 1952 is an International Labor Organization Convention.
Kaatskill Life is a quarterly regional magazine covering the Catskills of New York.
He played 24 league games for St Kilda, over the course of three seasons.
Al Bianchi of the Virginia Squires coached the East, with Bill Sharman of the Utah Stars coached the West.
Brittney Brimmage (born May 5, 1990) is an American female volleyball player.
The side gates remain open throughout the year, while the center gates remain closed except for three occasions each year.
It was shot in the Appalachian Mountains and Rust Belt of Steubenville, Ohio, Weirton, West Virginia and Mingo Junction, Ohio.
Legend of Ngong Hills is a 2011 Kenyan animated short film based on a Maasai folktale.
In the mid-80's, He started Zephyr Racing with Ron Nelson, another Bondurant instructor.
The season started on October 13, 1973 and finished on September 2, 1974.
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3389 and had 655 houses in it.
Livesey won a gold medal at the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow in the Men's 81kg judo.
The album contains both The Dawn material and covers of notable songs from the 1980s re-interpreted in a jazzy style.
Tellurium hexafluoride is a chemical compound of tellurium and fluorine with the chemical formula TeF6.
Aaron Copland wrote the Symphony for Organ and Orchestra in 1924.
Director's Cut is second studio album from the Norwegian band Helldorado.
The first recorded use of zaffer as a color name in English was sometime in the 1550s (exact year uncertain).
The DG Information Society supported the ProRec initiative with the ProRec Support Action (1996-1998), and the WIDENET Accompanying Measure (2000-2003).
Established in 2000, it is a supplier of stock multimedia content to the commercial media industry.
A separate tournament, the Johnnie Walker Asian Classic took on the Johnnie Walker Classic title from 1993.
Nedunkeni or Nedunkerni is a town in Vavuniya District, Sri Lanka.
Rissveds rode the eight-day Absa Cape Epic stage race in South Africa for the first time.
WTUS broadcasts from 6:00 AM to 6:00 PM daily, with WUAC broadcasting the other twelve hours of each day.
Clintonville is an unincorporated community in Bourbon County, Kentucky, United States.
It was the first single to be taken from their 2004 album The Cure.
New Durham is an unincorporated community and neighborhood located within North Bergen Township in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States.
The Smithwick's Experience Kilkenny is the original site where Smithwick's was brewed from the 1700s until 2014.
Episodes featured 18 youths training to become rock musicians, as filmed in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
From there, regular service was provided to all 16 domestic airports in the Gilbert Islands.
National Security Guards intervened and ended the siege by killing both attackers the same night.
It was released by Too Pure in 1998, and is the first proper single from their album Breaking God's Heart.
Aleurocystis was circumscribed by the New Zealand-based mycologist Gordon Herriot Cunningham in 1956.
Santa Maria Formosa is a city square in Venice, Italy.
Umtanum Ridge is a long anticline mountain ridge in Yakima County and Kittitas County in the U.S. state of Washington.
Black Cocaine is an extended play by hip hop duo Mobb Deep.
Hypnophila is a genus of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Cochlicopidae.
This township started with the inhabitants of the Lenni-Lenape Tribe and progressed in many ways into what it is today.
The population was 1,994 at the 2010 census, up from 1,840 in 2000.
The United States spends the most noteworthy level of health care costs on pharmaceuticals on the planet.
Reynolds House is a historic home located at Asheville, Buncombe County, North Carolina.
Following the primary, Carol Moseley Braun dropped out of the race and endorsed Dean.
The following lists events that happened during 1954 in Afghanistan.
It is located in Nares Strait by eastern Ellesmere Island between Bache Peninsula and Knud Peninsula.
Belgian Touring Car Series (BTCS) was an endurance touring car racing series based in Belgium.
He is the younger brother of former Tasmanian first class player Nick Allanby.
Da Rond Tyrone Stovall (born January 3, 1973) is a former Major League Baseball player.
The diocese later changed the division into four deaneries, Central, Northeastern, Southern and Western.
Curtis's later series The Century of the Self and The Trap have similar themes to Pandora's Box.
The collection also includes a trailer for the 3D Pac-Man and the Ghostly Adventures television show by Avi Arad.
The instrument was a successor to the Cary 11, which was the first commercially available recording UV/Vis spectrophotometer.
The 1st World University American Football Championship was held from May 1 to May 11, 2014 in Uppsala, Sweden.
Nicula Monastery is an important pilgrimage center in the north of Transylvania.
12 of the episodes are held by National Film and Sound Archive in Acton, ACT, Australia.
Despite the possibility of potential rises in student fees, the vote clearly displayed a student interest in a football team.
A Dreamers Christmas is an album of Christmas music by John Zorn released in October 2011 on the Tzadik label.
Fort Convent School/Convent School was founded in 1855 by the Convent of Jesus and Mary in Fort, Mumbai, India.
The Poor Clares' albums include Change of Habit and Songs for Midwinter, distributed nationally on the Centaur label.
The commission published its final report in January 2006, making various recommendations.
Often the teeth will not feel properly aligned or there may be bleeding of the gums.
These volcanoes form several groups, including the Ralik Chain, the Ratak Chain and some seamounts around Anewetak.
There's Wisdom in Women is a play written by Joseph Kesselring.
The Crayfords were once a prominent local family but Stone Hall, their house by the church, was demolished long ago.
The province is ethnically, culturally, and linguistically diverse; major ethnic groups including Malay, Chinese and Javanese.
There are at least 2 genera and about 14 described species in Podolasiini.
In 1989, Pulliam, was the Southern League's all-star game MVP.
Background music stored in PSF files can usually be looped forever, as the sequencer handles its own loop points.
Anna State Hospital, contemporarily known as Choate Medical Center, is a public psychiatric hospital in Anna, Illinois, established in 1869.
The film stars Salman Khan, Tabu, Katrina Kaif, and Disha Patani in lead roles.
It was released in May 1998 as the lead single from their fourth album, Jubilee.
In the late 1930s, the extortion racket was busted by law enforcement.
They call themselves the "Sixth Generation of the Baader-Meinhof Gang" and "The Raspberry Reich".
Tillsonburg saw service as a convoy escort during the Second World War in the Battle of the Atlantic.
Floyd Scholz (February 27, 1958) is an American artist, author and musician known for his lifelike carvings of birds.
The Belle Vue EP is the first extended play by British recording duo Hurts.
Punjab Gold is a Punjabi movie, released date in India on 23 August 2009, produced and directed by Raj Kumar.
This is a round-up of the 1981 Sligo Senior Football Championship.
Clients for Namahn's consultancy are mainly: significant Belgian companies in the financial, technology, healthcare and utilities sectors.
Davis is the lead singer of The Gospel Queens from Brooklyn, now known as Naomi Shelton & the Gospel Queens.
During that time, he also volunteered at a local primary care free clinic treating underserved patients.
The airline's route network included points such as Amsterdam, Milan, Oslo, Stuttgart, Newcastle, Belfast and Cork.
Additionally, their musical style, starting off as soft J-pop and dance music, began to expand as following albums were released.
Decommissioned in March 1975 Robert Middleton was sold commercially the same year and renamed Myrina.
Trees grow shorter and often at lower densities as they approach tree line, above which they cease to exist.
In total around 50 local committees were organized, some with hundreds of members.
The Hot Touch (also credited as Hot Touch) is a 1981 film directed by Roger Vadim.
Nightcap is a Canadian comedy and variety television series which aired on CBC Television from 1963 to 1967.
It was the 64th presentation of the BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award.
For only articles about years in Afghanistan that have been written, see Category:Years in Afghanistan.
The company is among the largest community development financial institutions in the country.
It usually takes place on the final weekend of May, and is owned and managed by PVF Events.
Defense Services Command and Staff College is a prime military institution of Bangladesh Armed Forces.
This has led to rampant sexism and the harassment of female fans and creators in the comics industry.
In the 1971 and 1974 state elections the Jana Congress fared badly, and could only win a single seat.
Ceruchus striatus is a species of stag beetle in the family Lucanidae.
Mail is delivered to the server using some MDA and stored for later access with MUA.
It features the World Children's Choir (directed by Sondra Harnes) and the National Symphony Orchestra (conducted by Richard Kaufman).
This is a list of former state routes in Ohio since 1923 with route numbers from 142 through 219 inclusive.
Collaborations include Christina Aguilera, Pink, Lana Del Rey, The Saturdays, Afrojack, and Danja.
The Amazing Spider-Man is a pinball game designed by Ed Krynski and released in 1980 by Gottlieb.
Away is a book written by American Catholic radio host Lino Rulli.
This album follows up on the success of Dearie's first album, the self-titled Blossom Dearie.
Robert Nancy Monroe House is a historic home located near Silver Hill, Scotland County, North Carolina.
Nordic Games announced on December 5, 2014 that it had acquired the game's intellectual property.
After police prevented the club continuing at its current home Starkers!
The Colorado Democratic Party is the affiliate of the Democratic Party in the U.S. state of Colorado.
Therefore, ASD could be a platform and a starting point for biologists and medicinal chemists for furthering allosteric research.
In the brain it may be responsible for the effects of stress on appetite.
The only international destination to where all cast members traveled was New York City.
Carlile made their first appearance on The History Channel in a July 2006 documentary called Alaska: Dangerous Territory.
From 2015 till 2016 she was part of the film jury for ShortCutz Amsterdam.
Her legislative career encompassed environmental issues, including serving as chair of the Environmental Safety and Toxic Materials Committee.
Bantiella fusca is a species of praying mantis in the genus Bantiella in the order Mantodea.
The University of the Philippines Visayas Tacloban College (UPVTC) is a university in the Philippines.
The rationale in which the floodgates principle has been applied may vary.
Savage Lover hit #1 on the Pop Charts in Mexico for weeks.
Third Air Force units include the headquarters AFFOR staff, 603rd Air Operations Center, 10 wings and three stand-alone groups.
Females are fertilized by males, storing sperm in a spermatheca.
She was born in London and studied piano with Harold Craxton, Julian Isserlis and with Lennox Berkeley.
ASDA was established to connect, support and advance the needs of dental students.
Roseomonas gilardii is a species of Gram negative, strictly aerobic, coccobacilli-shaped, pink-pigmented bacterium.
The most popular of these were for Macintosh systems that allowed them to emulate Windows PCs via NuBus or PCI.
It was described by Kernbach in 1967, and contains the species Gallerites keleri which is known from the Pliocene.
Jordan Rhys Holt (born 4 May 1994) is a Welsh footballer.
The RCA subscribes to the Apostles Creed, Nicene Creed, Athanasian Creed, Heidelberg Catechism and the Canons of Dort.
Dream of Kings is a novel written by American author Davis Grubb.
The Museum shows in an interactive and multimedia exhibition the history of espionage and secret services worldwide.
In some cultures, people remove their shoes before entering a home.
Hylaeus kuakea is a species of bee, also known by the common name Hawaiian yellow-faced bee.
In 2004, Segrest was appointed the Fuller-Matthai Professor of Gender & Women's Studies there.
In criminology, a disorganized offender, also sometimes called a maniac, is a classification of serial killer.
Lamellitrochus lamellosus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Solariellidae.
The station opened in 1887 as Synon's Siding, to serve a sawmill of the same name.
The Olympia Orchestra was founded by Freddie Keppard, and typically held between five and seven members.
Ninth Lake is a lake of Digby District, in Nova Scotia, Canada.
It featured the cameo appearance of R&B singer Duncan Ramos and Nina in Gaga-ish costumes while dancing to the song.
Leslie Amado Pogliacomi (born 3 May 1976 in Sydney) is a retired association football player.
Andy Diagram and Richard Harrison also formed a trumpet and drums duo under the name spaceheads.
Kenneth James "Ken" Ehrlich (born 1943) is an American television producer and director.
Mohammad Hadi "Hesam" Yaghoubi (born March 29, 1991) is an Iranian footballer.
In 1954 the events of the raid were portrayed in the movie They Who Dare.
USS Phelps (DD-360) was a World War II-era Porter-class destroyer in the service of the United States Navy.
The Tamms Correctional Center is a closed Illinois Department of Corrections prison located in Tamms, Illinois.
Stefano Moreo (born 30 June 1993), is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Palermo.
This is the first season where both the winner and runner-up were female.
Cuddly Toys were a new wave band from London that grew out of the glam rock-influenced punk rock band Raped.
Circassians in Iraq are people of North Caucasian origin in Iraq, including Adyghes, Chechens and Dagestanis.
James Clark (born January 8, 1936) is an American former sports shooter.
Paul Messi is a book written by Karl Atangana and Paul Messi and edited by linguist Martin Heppe.
The 1995 Northeast Conference Men's Basketball Tournament was held in March.
Currently, Johnson is the Stevenson Professor of Biological Sciences at Vanderbilt University.
Once applied to metal and heated the coating turned black and was extremely tough and durable.
She was delivered to Munson on 9 May 1916 and entered mercantile service.
Picture-in-picture is often used to watch one program while waiting for another to start, or advertisements to finish.
La Bastide-Solages is a commune in the Aveyron department in the Occitanie region of southern France.
In 2007 he won the Lake Biwa Marathon and competed at the 2007 World Championships in Osaka finishing 25th.
Now known as Margaret Berezowski, she became a figure skating judge and international referee.
Francis MacKenzie (born May 7, 1960) is a former leader of the Nova Scotia Liberal Party.
Coal for the power plant is sourced from Mahanadi Coalfields Limited.
Produced for The Family Channel, the film stars Alyssa Milano and Chad Lowe.
He is the son of former Swansea City, Real Madrid, and Wales manager John Toshack.
The Pitcairn Supreme Court is the supreme court of the Pitcairn Islands, a British Overseas Territory.
The Natural World Book Prize was an award organized by The Wildlife Trusts, and presented to recognize environmental literature.
He looked after the company's overall sales, marketing and all other transactions across India.
Christine Kaufmann (born Christmas Day, 1951) is a Montana politician.
American Samoa Fagamalo is a village situated on the central north coast of Savai'i in Samoa.
Sinan Tuzcu (born 10 July 1977) is a Turkish actor.
The 1997-98 SM-liiga season was the 23rd season of the SM-liiga, the top level of ice hockey in Finland.
Jude Laspa is an American former vice president and director of the Bechtel Group.
These hundreds of blasts were followed by a doubling of the concentration of 14C in the atmosphere.
Its uses include sporting events, bingo, ice skating, concerts and markets.
In 1998, the US embassy in Nairobi was bombed, as was the Israeli-owned Paradise hotel in 2002.
He currently lives in Laguna Beach, California, and is a member of the band Mongoose.
In sports, out of bounds (or out-of-bounds) refers to being outside the playing boundaries of the field.
Aegialiini is a tribe of aphodiine dung beetles in the family Scarabaeidae.
Dellstedt is a municipality in the district of Dithmarschen, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
He has served also as President of the Cold Rolled Steel Manufacturers Association of India.
He has won the Dutch Chess Championship nine times and has been a Candidate for the World Championship several times.
Functional Classification provides a simple way of classifying the extent of heart failure.
The boat was built by Ranger Yachts in the United States.
The resolution passed the House Foreign Relation Committee by a 27-21 vote, but never reached the house floor.
Christ Church Lille is part of the Church of England, Diocese of Europe.
The Premadasa cabinet was the central government of Sri Lanka led by President Ranasinghe Premadasa between 1989 and 1993.
Christian Witkin (born October 15, 1966 in Manchester, England) is a New York based fashion and portrait photographer.
It was launched by the Indian Space Research Organization, aboard a PSLV rocket, on 28 April 2008.
It was released as Ashanti's third single from The Declaration, and Nelly's second single from Brass Knuckles.
Ford belonged to a number of societies and organizations and founded the Society of Mural Decorators in 1894.
The NME rated the song as the 27th best song of 2002.
Massaco was a native settlement near the present-day towns of Simsbury and Canton along the banks of the Farmington River.
By contrast, the Gallup poll said that 2% of those surveyed wanted then-Senator Truman to become the Vice President.
Ingvar Cronhammar (born 17 December 1947) is a Swedish-Danish sculptor who has lived in Denmark since 1965.
Cymothoe coccinata, the common red glider, is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae.
In 2013 the side played Fiji as part of the Fiji Rugby Union's centennial anniversary.
The 680th Radar Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit.
The film's main ensemble cast starred Diane Lane, Tim Robbins, James Gandolfini and Patrick Fugit.
Germain was sheriff of Dodge County in 1862 and 1866.
Each UK depot has a code that is used when allocating locomotives to the depots.
Lower Wertheimer is known for its hipster culture, nightlife, arts, and food scene.
The Division Range is a mountain range in Humboldt County, Nevada.
It is autofocusing and has an electronically controlled focal plane shutter with speeds from 30 sec.
It will follow the paths of five UK sporting stars as they surprise fans and budding athletes on their doorsteps.
The Qidong protest was an environmental protest against a proposed waste water pipeline in the Chinese city of Qidong province.
GlobalEnglish Corporation' is an American technology company that was founded in 1997 by Reece Duca, Stephen Patrick and Martin Rice.
Chime comprises five divisions, 54 companies and over 2,000 people.
The central design recalls some of the ancient churches in town.
It was built in 1914 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Some of Leeser's most iconic works are Museum of the Moving Image (New York City) and the 2012.
Melanie Leishman (born February 20, 1989) is a Canadian actress.
It ran for 61 issues from April 1972 to August 1981.
In 2012, he also became a teacher for the Academy's LRAM teaching diploma.
Quercus dalechampii is a European species of oak in the beech family.
It has broadcast 406 episodes since its debut on TLC in 1996 as Medical Detectives.
Junoon - Kuchh Kar Dikhaane Ka is a singing reality show.
The mishap threw the steam locomotive into the river, killing the engine driver.
Throwing for Oregon State University, he finished second at the 1960 NCAA Championships.
It has been translated into several languages, including Spanish, Czech, Chinese, French and Icelandic.
Centrioncinae is a subfamily of stalk-eyed flies in the family Diopsidae.
The B-side, "Long, Long Winter", peaked at #35 on the Cashbox R&B chart.
It was recorded in 2004 at Laundry Room Studios in Troutdale, OR.
The show was originally screened as five half-hour episodes each week and initially receiving mixed reviews on its premiere.
Wheeler served as Director of the Youngstown Public Library from 1916 to 1926.
The Wolves compete as members of the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference for all 15 varsity sports.
The lowest turnout (28.4%) was in Abbey ward and the highest (40.8%) in Queen Edith's.
From 2010 to 2015, he was Director of Mission for the Diocese of Oxford.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 10, 1971.
It topped the UK album chart, and produced three top 10 singles; "Who's That Girl?"
The original version of Yesteryear was formed in February 1984.
Al-Fuwayhat is one of the affluent residential districts of Benghazi, Libya.
She sings many tosk folk songs and mostly self-composed potpourri.
Danny is searching for the mother who abandoned him at birth and feels like he is being continually rejected.
When Putnam moved to Hollywood in 1957, the manufacturing company was renamed UREI, and included a division called Teletronix.
He is also known for his recurring role on the TV series Madam Secretary.
This explanation was followed by researchers like Russell, Haas, and Ostrom.
The National Liberal Party, Democratic Union of Hungarians in Romania, and the 18 Minorities Parties form the Parliamentary Opposition.
It occurs between two and ten times more often in women.
HMS St Albans is a Type 23 frigate of the Royal Navy.
Collierville is a town in Shelby County, Tennessee, United States, and a suburb located in the Memphis metropolitan area.
The Paul L. Vinson House is a historic house located at 309 North Lakeview Drive in Sebring, Florida.
The book was written as a cathartic outlet, while Franta undertook therapy for clinically-diagnosed depression in 2015.
He was assigned to the 4th Infantry in November, 1796, and resigned December 31, 1797.
Sotto il Monte (English: under the Mountain; officially Sotto il Monte Giovanni XXIII) is a comune in northern Italy.
Beentje also serves as an editor of the publication series Flora of Tropical East Africa.
The Arizona Kid is a 1939 American Western film directed by Joseph Kane under the Republic Pictures banner.
The flowers are white and have a scent generally considered unpleasant.
Underground is the third studio album by San Diego-based American rapper Jayo Felony.
The design of ObjectStore is described in a 1991 paper in the Communications of the ACM.
McEntee played club football for Crossmaglen Rangers and enjoyed a hughly successful career with the club.
In 2012 Cosumnes Oaks was officially accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC).
The current Director of the Department of Wildlife Conservation is Richard Hatcher.
There were ten race weekends with one race at each event.
Pleurotomella amphiblestrum is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
The larvae attack the roots of the plant and cause it to wilt.
In 2016 he won two more National titles, the Junior singles and Mixed fours at Leamington Spa.
Heard in Your Life, Cheap Thrills, Buffalo, Philly '76, and Hammersmith Odeon.
His movies mainly revolve around the cultural and relational aspects of a typical Keralite society.
He was recruited into the Magic Band in 1967 as a replacement for Ry Cooder.
It is Francisco Varone's first movie, a joint production of Argentina, the Netherlands, Germany and Qatar.
Saint-Senier-sous-Avranches is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Killing Fields is the 10th record album by Mike Oldfield, released in 1984 on Virgin Records.
Ramachandra Deva (Ramachandrayya Deva) was a Kannada poet, writer and playwright who wrote many dramas.
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4765 people living in 937 individual households.
Another prominent feature of Comfort was its short and serialized fiction.
These fish lays eggs on leaves or directly on the substrate.
The Judas Testament is a 1994 novel by Daniel Easterman.
In his left hand is an anchor and his right hand is upraised in the air.
The women's 5000 meters event at the 1997 Summer Universiade was held at the Stadio Cibali in Catania, Italy.
Dorcadion nigrosparsum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Casmena gracilis is a species of leaf beetle of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, observed by Burgeon in 1941.
Auguste Arthur "A. A." Bondy, also known as Scott Bondy, is an American folk/alternative artist from Birmingham, Alabama.
It is the successor to the BMW E3 "New Six" sedan and is currently in its sixth generation.
Their discography consists of 47 studio albums, 21 live albums, 2 soundtracks, 6 compilations, and one boxed set.
Telmatobius truebae is a species of frog in the Telmatobiidae family.
By the end of the series each dish will make up the 'Greatest Menu in the World'.
Richard Joseph Jodzio (born June 3, 1954 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger.
Vine is also the host of the BBC long-running quiz show Eggheads, taking over from Dermot Murnaghan full-time in 2014.
Surinder Koli's death sentence was changed to a life sentence by the Supreme Court on 7 September 2014.
They were formed as a result of collision between the minor supercontinents Laurussia and Gondwana during the formation of Pangaea.
Being a classical composer, Maier has also collaborated with Devin Townsend and Paradise Lost on orchestrations.
The Maronite Church constitutes the largest Eastern Catholic church represented in both Lebanon, and the Middle East.
Yes You Can was a Canadian children's television series broadcast on CBC Television from 1980 to 1983.
The original Stampede team consisted of Roberts, screenwriters Brent Maddock and S. S. Wilson and director Ron Underwood.
Falls Road station is a Baltimore Light Rail station near Baltimore, Maryland.
They currently play and tour every few months in Germany and western Europe.
He later withdrew to challenge Democratic representative John J. Rooney in New York's 14th congressional district.
This was followed by a film adaptation of David Mamet's dark play Edmond starring William H. Macy in 2006.
The weekly investigations column in the Daily Mirror newspaper edited by Andrew Penman and Nick Sommerlad.
Asian Californians are residents of the state of California who are of Asian ancestry.
The book follows an impoverished, introverted nine-year-old girl named Theo Caffrey, who dreams of living with a "real" family.
The current Representative from District 29 is Democrat Gene Green.
The current incumbent is Roger Hirst, who represents the Conservative Party.
Coulter Field is a multi-purpose stadium at the Bishop's University in Lennoxville, Quebec.
The network, formerly known as MTV Jams, was rebranded under the BET banner on October 5, 2015.
A small coastal promontory, Frost Point, is named for Daniel Frost.
It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one or two Michelin stars in the period 1974-1988.
The school colors are black and gold, and the school's mascot is a Demon.
Sankarapuram is a taluk of Viluppuram district of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
The caretaker is going to do something to the originator, but wants to be able to undo the change.
The singing honeyeater (Gavicalis virescens) is a small bird found in Australia, and is part of the honeyeater family, Meliphagidae.
Eloceria delecta is a European species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
It also sells traditional convenience store items and prepared food items, including burritos and barbecue beef sandwiches.
Worku Taye (born 29 March 1999) is an Ethiopian middle-distance runner specializing in the 1500 meters.
The ferry was built by Toronto Dry Dock Company Limited.
She competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil as a replacement for Brittany Broben.
The Wildhearts Must Be Destroyed is a 2003 album by The Wildhearts.
Hackmania is a genus of spiders in the Dictynidae family.
The inside of the wooden stock usually has a brass strip fixed to it to reduce wear.
The Ozark Southern Stone quarry is a quarry located in Elk Ranch, Arkansas, rich in dolomite limestone.
They constructed the ornamental fieldstone entrance structures, a footbridge, bandshell, tool shed, bath house, and other fieldstone features.
John J. Paris, S.J. is the current Michael P. Walsh Professor of Bioethics at Boston College.
Umm al Hawa'ir is a settlement in Qatar, located in the municipality of Ash Shamal.
He is living in Europe for more than 30 years.
The route is the successor to the 32 Woodlawn and 33 West Arlington streetcar lines and several bus routes.
Puccinellia nuttalliana is a species of grass known by the common name Nuttall's alkaligrass.
Latimer is a city in Franklin County, Iowa, United States.
General elections were held in Thailand on 10 February 1969.
Gevelsberg is a town in the district of Ennepe-Ruhr-Kreis, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
The album consists predominantly of originals by members of the band.
The house and museum are owned and operated by the city of Ukiah.
He was a big influence in the vert skating style.
The Advanced Congress of Democrats (ACD) was an opposition political party in Nigeria, created and first registered in March 2006.
As well, it is also the official hospital for the NHRA during the U.S. Nationals.
It is 78 m high and is fed by a karst spring also called Savica just above the waterfall.
Recovery testing should not be confused with reliability testing, which tries to discover the specific point at which failure occurs.
The network claims over 100 million page views per month and over 5 million e-mail subscribers.
The three sports of aquatics were held at Hassanal Bolkiah Aquatics Center in Bandar Seri Begawan, Brunei Darussalam.
South Chesapeake City Historic District is a national historic district at Chesapeake City, Cecil County, Maryland, United States.
It was built in 1834, and is a two-story building built of locally fired brick.
Campichuelo is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
At that time, with World War II imminent, he left school to become a pilot in the US Navy.
In July the home Defense Divisions were reorganized and the 8th Division consisted of the 14th and 16th Infantry Brigades.
In 1936 two "Acanthus'" type posts were said to flank the stone ashlar porch of the Bull Hotel.
Other companies that purchased the SC-30 machines included Telmar, Reynolds and Reynolds, The Danish National Railway.
David Dicks, OAM, CitWA, (born 6 October 1978) is an Australian sailor.
In 1996, Lewis moved to Carnarvon, Western Australia, to work for that state's Department of Agriculture and Food.
Raymond is the author of the book, How to Rig an Election: Confessions of a Republican Operative (2008).
He was nominated as a member of the Blues Hall of Fame in 2012.
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2748 living in 532 individual households.
Vaucluse is an unincorporated community in Aiken County in the U.S. state of South Carolina.
The community was named after one General Welby, a railroad official.
Jett was recognized as the top solo musician in Los Angeles by worldwide-leading wedding organization The Knot in 2015.
New York law is one of very few jurisdictions that retain this defense.
As of 2011, it owned and operated three traditional branches and one loan production office.
Dautillos is a town in the municipality of Navolato, Mexico.
HQ was developed by Vine creators Rus Yusupov and Colin Kroll.
Shiwnari is a small village in Ratnagiri district, Maharashtra state in Western India.
It was the directorial debut of Ranjan Pramod, who has been a successful screenwriter in Malayalam cinema.
Gregory B. "Greg" Penner (born 18 December 1969) is an American businessman and venture capitalist.
Berlin is a town in Green Lake County, Wisconsin, United States.
Adults have been recorded in March and between June and August.
The Country Club of North Carolina, or CCNC, is a gated golf community in Pinehurst, North Carolina.
Jay Seth Ruderman (born 16 March 1966) is an American activist and philanthropist.
Sunset Productions was a television syndication division of Guild Films which existed in the 1950s.
Edward Arnold "Ted" Stickles (born April 7, 1942) is an American former competition swimmer and former world record-holder.
The song was recorded the same year by Slim Whitman, and was included on his album Home on the Range.
Bourlon's genet (Genetta bourloni) is a genet species native to the Upper Guinean forests.
In 2001, Wilson was ranked among the 10 most frequently cited British psychologists in scientific journals.
The university is one of six senior military colleges in the United States.
She became Principal of Morley College for Working Men and Women in 1927, succeeding Barbara Wootton.
Currently, there are over 325 clubhouses in 28 countries around the world.
However, the institution is known to have existed prior to the Gupta period, though details on them are vague.
Alex Kemp moved to Chicago and formed the band Assassins with Joe Cassidy, Aaron Miller, Merritt Lear and David Golitko.
The Sioux City Bandits are a professional indoor football team based in Sioux City, Iowa.
Phallobrycon is a genus of fish in the family Characidae endemic to Brazil.
Stephen K. Kohlscheen (born September 20, 1988) is an American professional baseball pitcher.
Addie Joss is the all-time leader with a career WHIP of 0.9678.
The range is a single block of a unique marine sandstone deposit of Miocene age.
Another member from that band, guitarist Argyris 'Silver' Koulouris, also appears on this album.
It is usually injected subcutaneously into the animals in the form of the water-soluble ethylglucamine salt.
Panama competed in the Summer Olympic Games for the first time at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
He won eight times on the PGA Tour, including two major championships.
Tales from Soho was a British television series which aired in 1956 on the BBC.
These Corpse Houses remain in use for the keeping of members' bodies until the time for burial.
Pooraka (postcode 5095) is a suburb in Adelaide, South Australia.
In 1982 Hilczer-Kurnatowska received the title of professor of humanities.
Super-Featherweight championship and being one-half of the biggest Scottish fight since Jim Watt-Ken Buchanan.
The district has consistently been ranked as one of the top districts statewide, a distinction held since the 1960s.
The single became a Top 20 hit in Canada, the United Kingdom, and the United States.
Negin Farsad is an American comedian, actress, writer and filmmaker of Iranian descent based in New York City.
The Glass Ghost is the third extended play from British singer-songwriter Phildel.
The other four divisions were the Chalahgawtha, Mekoche, Kispoko, and Pekowi.
Musically, "Hello Kitty" is a J-pop, dubstep, and EDM song, featuring an electro-influenced drop.
The film is directed by Andrew J. Kuehn, and hosted by Donald Pleasence and Nancy Allen.
NGC 604 is an H II region inside the Triangulum Galaxy.
The Louisiana Geological Survey was originally part of the Louisiana Department of Conservation.
In regional competition, he was the bronze medallist in the half marathon at the 2009 East Asian Games.
Argentina competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.
The LifeCam is a webcam from Microsoft for home PC users available in various models.
In the geometry of hyperbolic 3-space, the order-7 dodecahedral honeycomb a regular space-filling tessellation (or honeycomb).
Its lateral thinner portions are pierced by the superior laryngeal vessels and the internal branch of the superior laryngeal nerve.
The cornerstone of the new building was laid by James Conmee on July 7, 1909.
Ptolemaic coinage was struck in Phoenician weight, also known as Ptolemaic weight (about 14,20 grams).
Some CD versions came with the live album Ally Pally Paradiso as an additional disk.
Joshua Swann was a member of the North Carolina General Assembly of 1779 from Tyrrell County.
Wonderful Life is the debut album of English singer Black (the stage name of Colin Vearncombe), released in 1987.
The head of the monastery belongs to a lineage of incarnations that dates back to 1402.
The uplands have three, possibly four prehistoric monuments, and a medieval site is in the south of the borough.
He played his collegiate career at the University of California-Berkeley.
It serves the communities of Poulan, Sumner, Sylvester, and Warwick.
The old route is still followed, for part of its length, by Massachusetts Route 9 and Massachusetts Route 126.
This was the only time that the Grand Prix Final served as the jackpot-deciding competition of that series.
He served as Portland, Oregon's third mayor in 1852 and 1853, after the unexpected resignation of A. C. Bonnell.
Legal education is very different in the United States from that in many other parts of the world.
Alfred Patrick Addaquay (born 17 September 1985) is a Ghanaian keyboardist, composer, arranger, conductor, and choral director.
The side tufts on segments five and six are light brownish yellow rather than white.
Tarleton's force of 1000 British in the King's Army were sent against 2000 men under Morgan.
Athletes representing 65 universities participated in the event, which was held at Soldier's Field in Chicago, Illinois in June 1926.
The greenish naked-backed fruit bat (Dobsonia viridis) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae.
Zidine is a village in the municipality of Tomislavgrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Registered users can also download toilets as waypoints to a Global Positioning System (GPS) device.
Mac Adams (born in 1943 in Brynmawr, South Wales, UK) is a British artist.
Syed Hasnain Raza Naqvi is an Urdu language poet from India.
Ecuadorian Jews are a small Jewish community in the territory of today's Ecuador.
Letham is a small village in Fife, Scotland, located just off the A92, around 5 miles from Cupar.
The center also meets the demands of foreigners wishing to learn Arabic.
After enjoying Munster success in this grade, he was later an All-Ireland runner-up with the under-21 team.
There they settled in a place the native Lenape people called Suckiaug, because of the blackness of its earth.
They played their home games at Red Deer Arena until 2016 when it was torn down to be rebuilt.
Officially this project was known in German as Bemannte Fla. Bombe (Fla. standing for Flugabwehr), meaning "Manned Air Defense Bomb".
These defenses along the Hudson River were overseen by the Highlands Department of the Continental Army.
U.S.S. Cimarron (AO-177) was the lead ship of the Cimarron-class of fleet oilers of the United States Navy.
Debut feature film shot in 2010, Pendulum Drift, is in post-production and due for film festival release in 2016/17.
The nationally scarce moth, Blomer's rivulet (Discoloxia blomeri) has also been recorded on the site.
West Miltmore is an unincorporated community in Lake Villa Township, Lake County, Illinois, United States.
In addition, the single "Empty Pages" spent eight weeks on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at number 74.
Asemum is a genus of longhorn beetles in the family Cerambycidae, described by Johann Friedrich von Eschscholtz in 1830.
The organization's headquarters is in Darien, Connecticut, with an additional office in Colorado.
The story takes place eight years after The Phantom Menace, with Sebulba wanting revenge on Anakin Skywalker.
The museum dates back to 1892 and its current building in the city's Cultural District opened in 2002.
They have released 7 studio albums, 5 live albums, 10 compilation albums and 14 singles.
Together with "Be Mine Tonight", it entered the same chart as a double single, reaching No. 37.
Jonathan Anthony Stroud (born 27 October 1970) is a British writer of fantasy fiction, mainly for children and young adults.
"Fritz" Westmeyer (14 January 1873 - 14 November 1917) was a German trade unionist and socialist politician.
The 141st Boat Race took place on 1 April 1995.
The F/V North American is one of the commercial crab fishing boats featured on the Discovery Channel series Deadliest Catch.
Mangape was elected to the National Parliament as an independent at the 2012 election.
Bernstein is a Democratic member of the South Carolina House of Representatives, serving since November 2012.
A contrast is sometimes made with Animal assisted activity (AAA).
On 30 June 2018, Indian conglomerate Reliance Industries acquired Radisys for $74 million.
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Warren County, Virginia.
Hibiscus schizopetalus is a species of Hibiscus native to tropical eastern Africa in Kenya, Tanzania and Mozambique.
On October 28, 1983, the church was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its architectural significance.
David Hoffmann (born February 26, 1980) is a German professional bodybuilder.
They had a wider range in prehistoric times, with a widespread distribution in Europe and North America during the Paleocene.
Some voyages also served Walvis Bay en route to/from, or occasionally instead of, Cape Town.
At the 1802 general election, "Wood returned himself and his brother-in-law (James) Dashwood".
Bespalovs has represented his country at the U-21 level and has played one match in the full international level.
Maguire has served as the executive committeewoman of the South Carolina Republican Party.
After the purchase, the racetrack returned to the former name of Ocean Downs.
The United States turned over the base to the Philippine government in 1992.
It aired on IFC from February 22 to April 19, 2013.
In September 2002, Rocco Rock died after a heart attack.
The restored Rump Parliament had finally voted for its own dissolution on 16 March and summoned the new Convention Parliament.
Homogeneous regions have spatial gradient vector norm equal to zero.
Wood's works explore traditions of pre-Hispanic Mexican and Central American art.
Anne-Sophie van Regemortel (born 13 November 1984) is a Belgian field hockey player.
The alleged mainstream English accent of the United States has been called "General American" since the early-mid 20th century.
His cousin was James Bennett who played in five matches from 1798 to 1805.
The delegation of 1,068 people included 831 competitors (454 men, 377 women) and 237 officials.
Their 1st and 2nd XI's currently play in the Birmingham and District Premier League.
He served as WIOQ's program director from May 1989 until just before he was fired in February 1990.
Produced by Ekta Kapoor and Shobha Kapoor, the series stars Arjun Bijlani, Drashti Dhami and Vineet Raina.
Juicy Fruit (Disco Freak) is the tenth studio album by American soul musician Isaac Hayes.
The mushroom is similar to the widespread species Lepiota cristata but can be distinguished by its smaller spores.
Some taxonomists consider it to be conspecific with the African quailfinch, others consider all three species to be conspecific.
Sean Vendy (born 18 May 1996) is a badminton player from England.
The building in Baroque style was begun in 1710, and around 100 years later named after Queen Luise of Prussia.
Each couple is scored out of 10 by a panel of judges.
In South Africa, Sweden, Belgium, Denmark, Germany and Poland it is sold under the Knorr brand.
In 2012, Cunningham rejoined the NYSE, and became the exchange's chief operating officer in 2015.
In early 2008, WestNet Wireless submitted its application to Industry Canada's wireless auction.
It is found in the northwest Atlantic and the northeast Pacific Oceans.
The Barsian mosque and minaret are historical structures in the Isfahan province.
E.T. Gleitsmann was a German producer of printing ink, founded in Dresden in 1847 by Emil Theodor Gleitsmann.
Hyperaspis quadrivittata, the four-streaked lady beetle, is a species of lady beetle in the family Coccinellidae.
It was the first single from the band's fifth studio album, Small Change (1981).
The power ballad "Burning Heart" was released internationally as the single from the album.
It is a form of Monarchianism and as such stands in contrast with Trinitarianism.
He died at his home at 30 Augusta Road, Ramsgate on 24 January 1908.
In 2011 she released her solo album Es muss aussa in 2011 with some chart success.
The album peaked at number 10 on the Billboard 200, becoming her first top ten album in the United States.
It is found on Cyprus, as well as in Lebanon.
Mike Fokoroni (also written Mike Fokorani; born 5 July 1976) is a Zimbabwean long-distance runner.
She was their first purpose built roll-on/roll-off passenger and vehicle ferry.
Leadership of the association is mainly rotated between representatives of the affiliated media houses.
Glow is the third studio album by American country musician Brett Eldredge.
Giant warships circled each other, waiting for the best time to unleash a broadside upon the enemy.
Chalcolithic Europe, the Chalcolithic (also Aeneolithic, Copper Age) period of Prehistoric Europe, lasted roughly from 3500 to 1700 BC.
As of the 2010 census, the CDP had a population of 758.
Laurent de Wilde (born in Washington, D.C. in 1960) is a French jazz pianist, composer and writer.
It is Book Four in Volume One of The Complete Works of Francis A. Schaeffer A Christian Worldview.
Volume 2 of the Rumble Pak series was released to stores on April 6, 2006.
Lantanopsis is a genus of Caribbean flowering plants in the sunflower family.
In the early 1990s, he returned to the Pacific Northwest where he coaches youth and high school soccer.
It had a capacity of 10,000 seats at the time (6,988 temporary seats were installed).
In 2009, the church was ranked the 54th fastest-growing church in the United States.
The following persons have held the office of mayor of Oklahoma City.
Sakti is a town and a nagar palika in Janjgir-Champa district in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh.
She has been a member of multiple bands including Purple Vision and Flake.
Under the Criminal Justice Act 1991, section 95, the government collects annual statistics based on race and crime.
James K Styner, MD, FACS is an orthopedic surgeon, practicing in Lawndale, California.
Mr James Mills was Chairman of the School Council for thirty-three years.
Ajax is an extinct town in Stoddard County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
The party fielded six candidates in the 1952 Rajasthan legislative assembly election, whom together obtained 7,164 votes.
It was of their performance on August 27, 1986 at New Haven's Veterans Memorial Coliseum.
The state would come to be home to camels, horses, mammoths, and giant ground sloths.
In 2008, Elizabeth won the Donald McDonald Reuters Scholarship to Oxford University.
May 1957 the club was registered with the governing federation as an official soccer club.
It featured two undefeated teams, the Pittsburgh Panthers against the USC Trojans.
His eight seasons with the Colorado Rockies included leading the 2007 club to the franchise's first National League (NL) pennant.
Focillodes is a genus of moths of the family Noctuidae.
Its main base is Sydney Airport, with other bases at Brisbane Airport, Darwin International Airport, and Nowra Airport.
There are at least 11 living species, including the glory scallop Mimachlamys gloriosa, and the doughboy Mimachlamys asperrima.
Arakan Rohingya National Organization (abbreviated ARNO) is a Rohingya political organization based in London, the United Kingdom.
Olympic Games results include a ninth-place finish in the 4- (2008) and fourth in the 8+ (2012).
She became mayor by defeating her predecessor, Robert E. Jackson, in 2006 in a bitterly contested race.
This is also the last single Dolla released before he was shot and killed on May 18, 2009.
Caulkicephalus is a genus of Ornithocheirid pterosaur, from the Isle of Wight off the coast of England.
South of Barringer, on the floor of the Apollo basin, is the crater Scobee.
Jason Aeron Walter David (born June 12, 1982) is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League.
It was most likely performed by itinerant players, possibly making use of a performing dog.
Latfiana-Aris Budiharto (born 31 August 1990) is an Indonesian professional tennis player.
The region has had a sporadic history with professional club sport.
The captain for the tour was Fijian Mosese Rauluni while the vice-captain was Tongan Nili Latu.
In high-risk areas, there is at least a 1 in 4 chance of flooding during a 30-year mortgage.
It was powered by a 4-cylinder 3.3 liter engine, and had a gray body with black striping.
The school is located along Kitui-Mwingi road in hilly terrain of Mutonguni and borders Muthale Mission Hospital.
In 1886, she performed with John A. Arneaux's Shakespearean acting troupe as Lady Anne in Richard III.
Jesse Mason (born April 25, 1984) is a Canadian racecar driver from Niagara Falls, Ontario.
Clivina aequalis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae.
It was formed in Melbourne in 2013 by singer-guitarists Fran Keaney, Tom Russo & Joe White.
It broke all historic records for plays of any kind, with an original London run of 1,466 performances.
Sex and Drugs and Sausage Rolls is a 1999 novel by the British author Robert Rankin.
The Violent Ones (1967) is a film directed by and starring Fernando Lamas.
A pipeway was laid in the 1980s takes water to Beauport Park to supply Hastings.
College bass fishing consists of mostly club teams, but there are a select few varsity bass fishing programs.
It was delayed a number of times until its eventual release in June 2011.
This list lists the distinctions between every official Disney Princess.
Fumonisin B2 is a fumonisin mycotoxin produced by the fungi Fusarium verticillioides and Fusarium moniliforme.
It is also known as Wesley Uniting Church and Hall Group, Wesleyan Uniting Church Group, Wesley Church and Wesley Hall.
He helmed Australia Challenge at the 1992 Louis Vuitton Cup.
Ocean Center is a convention center located in Daytona Beach, Florida.
The game involved two self-proclaimed players competing against each other to pick up women in a real bar.
It is bigger and more massive than our Sun at 1.22 and 1.21 solar units respectively.
He coached the University of Calgary Dinos football team from 1983 to 1995.
It is a member of the Cyanoboletus pulverulentus species complex.
Digenite is a black to dark blue opaque mineral that crystallizes with a trigonal - hexagonal scalenohedral structure.
As of April 2018 all Australian states and territories allow adoption by same-sex couples.
Complete results for men, junior men, women (Vichy), women (Frederick), medallists, and the results of British athletes were published.
Alan Irwin Menken (born July 22, 1949) is an American musical theater and film score composer and pianist.
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on September 25, 1994.
DeStefano also worked with the Republican National Committee building "a 2016 voter file and political database."
The government of Alfred Gusenbauer was sworn in on 11 January 2007 and left office on 2 December 2008.
Adetus alboapicalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
It was released for the Xbox on November 3, 2003 and for Microsoft Windows PC systems on June 14, 2004.
A right-handed batsman and right-arm fast-medium bowler, he played for the Malaysia national cricket team between 1990 and 2005.
In 1976 he released his first solo album entitled Sunset Wading.
Bara Ani is a village in Chandpur District in the Chittagong Division of eastern Bangladesh.
The tank only reached the prototype stage before the end of the war.
He wrote it about his father, John Petrucci Sr. who was diagnosed with cancer.
It is a competitor to another Islamic youth work group, The Young Muslims UK.
Here with Me is the second full-length studio album released by Mercury Nashville recording artist Holly Williams.
This team is currently compete in the K League Junior and Korea National Youth Football League.
A post office called Chestline was established in 1882, and remained in operation until 1906.
The Principles are Jeff Turner (Central Memorial and Lord Shaughnessy) and F. Lee Villiger (Juno Beach).
The defining difference between Weechi-it-te-win and mainstream services is its focus on customary care.
The Greenwood Public School District is a public school district based in Greenwood, Mississippi (USA).
The record label was sold to Fantasy Records in 1991 and is now part of the Concord Music Group.
La Intrusa (The Outsider) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Ignacio Sada for Televisa in 2001.
Genevroye is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Peru participated at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics in Singapore.
Many roads are former state roads that have been truncated or eliminated.
The Golden Chain of Naqshbandi Haqqani Sufi Order is a lineage of Sufi masters.
This prompted sharp criticism from Hamish Henderson of the Communist Party of Great Britain, who rejected his invitation to join.
Candida antarctica is a yeast species in the genus Candida.
The Japanese night heron prefers dense, damp forest, in both its breeding and winter ranges.
The Amazon.com exclusive version was released with a bonus CD containing covers of five Led Zeppelin songs, entitled Heart Zeppish.
Historically it was a system of private schools in Greater Philadelphia.
The population was 1,159 at the 2010 census, slightly down from the 1,193 people counted during the previous census.
MoSync is a discontinued free and open-source software development kit (SDK) for mobile applications.
Hyposmocoma cinereosparsa is a species of moth of the family Cosmopterigidae.
His successor, John Alcock, extended and completed the re-building and died in the Castle in 1500.
Players for the national team have always been selected from the four competing handball teams on Malta.
Area code 319 is a telephone area code for southeastern and east-central Iowa.
Radio City was designed by Heydar Ghiai, a pioneer of modern architecture in Iran.
Hyde Park is a suburb of Townsville in the City of Townsville, Queensland, Australia.
The state is divided into 49 legislative districts, each of which elect one senator and two representatives.
Budapest Highflyers, along with other varieties of domesticated pigeons, are all descendants from the rock pigeon (Columba livia).
It includes all brand new songs written by The Jets.
Founded in 1946 as the Philippine Wesleyan College, it is named after John Wesley, the founder of Methodism.
In November 2011 it received funding from Intel Capital and IDG-Accel.
Since protostelids are amoebae that make spores they are considered to be slime molds.
The main nationalities of the coaches of Firpo barring Salvadorians have been Argentina (7 coaches), Chilean (3) and Yugoslavian (2).
Pioneer of Electronic Sound and using of the computers and synthesizers in music in Romania, with Science Fiction touch.
Timothy Peter White (born July 9, 1949) is the seventh chancellor of the California State University.
The old City Cup trophy is now used for the Irish League Cup.
The competition was devised to promote EI's product called CxC (a parallel programming language) introduced the same day.
Apa represented Samoa in the 2014 IRB Junior World Championship and New Zealand in the 2015 edition.
KFAR has also aired a succession of local talk shows on Saturday mornings.
Geber left WSD in order to pursue poker on a full-time basis, but returned occasionally as a guest host.
The region is home to the world renowned Ruacana Falls.
It joins the Bumping River within the American Forks Campground.
Harry Deal and the Galaxies is a rock and roll band formed in Taylorsville, North Carolina, United States, in 1959.
The La Grande Ride project has more information on the area.
A second animated television series was produced by Hasbro Studios for Discovery Family, a U.S cable network partially-owned by Hasbro.
USS Monongahela (AO-178) was a Cimarron-class fleet replenishment oiler commissioned in the United States Navy from 1981 to 1999.
Ohayo Mountain is a mountain located in the Catskill Mountains of New York southeast of Wittenberg.
It included Charlie Conacher, Harvey "Busher" Jackson and Joe Primeau.
It is common to refer to the practice involving ejaculating on a photo as "facepainting".
Stone writes on topics related to both systematic theology and practical theology.
Fortnight was read by and contributed to by people from all over the spectrum.
The English-Speaking Union Schools' Mace is an annual debating tournament for secondary schools in England, Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
It was built to test low weight, bakelite-bonded plywood, stressed skin wing and fuselage structures.
In an open audition format, pianists, violinists, and cellists were all eligible to compete.
A Saudia Lockheed L-1011 Tristar serves as a gateguard visible from the ring road.
Stagmatoptera vischeri is a species of praying mantis in the genus Stagmatoptera.
The headquarter of this zonal council is situated in Allahabad (Uttar Pradesh).
Deadman Lake is a lake in Sturgeon County, Alberta, Canada, located northwest of the city of Edmonton.
Rishi Dhawan (born 19 February 1990) is an Indian cricketer who plays first-class and List A cricket for Himachal Pradesh.
Wings of the female have a brown coloring near their base.
Recently, the law has been extended to include acts of terrorism.
For a number of years the Festival also included the BRAVO Program for beginning and intermediate young musicians.
Recently, however, there is a controversy on categorizing Kyrle disease with perforating dermatosis or a subtype of acquired perforating collagenosis.
Mulmur is a township in Dufferin County in Southern Ontario, Canada.
The Hedlund Motor Company Building is a historic commercial building located at 206 South Main Street in Elk City, Oklahoma.
The Middle Three Conference was an intercollegiate athletic football scheduling alliance that existed from 1929 to 1975.
The updates distributed may include journal tables of contents, podcasts, videos, and news items.
It is bounded on the north by Kirklinton and Irthington; whilst to the south lie Stanwix and Crosby-on-Eden.
Oxford Township is one of the nineteen townships of Guernsey County, Ohio, United States.
There is no consensus among researchers about the significance of findings, their meaning, or what conclusions may be drawn.
David Bory (born March 8, 1976 in Vichy) is a retired French international rugby union player.
The House seat was vacated by the term-limited Karen Hopper, a university administrator in Mountain Home.
It does not fall off the tree, and like most early harvest apples, does not keep well, even with refrigeration.
Alternative World Games is a video game produced by Gremlin Interactive in 1987.
The team's head coach was Joe Glenn, who was in his first year at Wyoming.
The company was founded in 1820 when James Finlayson, a Scottish engineer, established a cotton mill in Tampere.
Michael Semple is an Irish expert on Afghanistan and Pakistan.
The orchestra is led by Grover Mitchell and features four songs with New York Voices.
Whepstead is a heritage-listed villa at Main Road, Wellington Point, City of Redland, Queensland, Australia.
One option for fulfilling these requirements was hydropower and the construction of water wheels.
Crystal structures of the riboswitch bound to the ligand have also been determined.
Now, Jangsaengpo is a rising tourist attraction with Jangsaengpo whale museum, Whale ecological Experience Hall & Ulsan whale cruise.
Eighteen-year-old former student Sebastian Bosse shot and wounded five people and set off several smoke bombs before committing suicide.
Stoner Creek is a stream in Bourbon and Clark counties, Kentucky, in the United States.
Like in France, immigrants from these countries started to study and live in Belgium.
QSCBs may also be used for new building construction and land acquisition.
However, the state's usage of the logo is traced back to as early as 1918.
Callistoprionus fasciatus is a species of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Callistoprionus.
Athena is a British art retailer and retail chain, which was founded in 1964.
MyFerryLink started running on 20 August 2012, although Nord Pas-de-Calais joined in November 2012 following a refit.
A swim brief or racing brief is any briefs-style male swimsuit such as those worn in competitive swimming and diving.
He released his first international studio album, Charice in 2010.
Bryanston is bifurcated by Bryanston Drive, running from the outskirts of Randburg to the beginning of Morningside.
The school was supported by affiliate unions of the American Federation of Labor (AFL) until 1928.
They played for 5 season in a row in Gamma Ethniki until season 2017-18.
The regional water strategy for London is produced by the Greater London Authority.
It is based on the novel, also titled Monkey Grip, by Helen Garner.
Plesiolaea is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
He was awarded the George Medal for his personal courage during bomb disposal operations.
Ishq Hai Tumse is a 2004 Indian musical-romance film starring Dino Morea and Bipasha Basu.
Crusade in Europe is a book of wartime memoirs by General Dwight D. Eisenhower published by Doubleday in 1948.
Elisha Peyre Ferry had the longest term of eight years and went on to become the state's first governor.
The next year, he named the most famous ceratopsian, Triceratops horridus.
Writing anxiety is a term for the tension, worry, nervousness, and a wide variety of other negative feelings.
In 1916 she was renamed HMS Wildfire and used as a base ship.
He is widely known for appearing as the July 1974 centerfold in Playgirl magazine, at the age of 33.
Timur Oruz (born 27 October 1994) is a German field hockey player.
Oddlab is a small independent game development company based in Denmark.
Machimus maneei is a species of robber flies in the family Asilidae.
He was a Judith E Wilson Visiting Fellow at the University of Cambridge and a Niipkow Fellow, Berlin.
The Navy did not succeed in selling her until 1814.
In 2008, a video featuring Afanasiev's tongue became an internet sensation.
It was one of the tracks off Starboy to be featured in the short film Mania.
These Australian wildflowers and popular garden plants are easily recognized by their characteristic flower spikes and fruiting "cones" and heads.
Peter Kendrew Fox (born 23 March 1949) is a British professional librarian.
Le Championnat is a former TV program on Channel 4.
For 25 years, Downie worked for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
James William Jones (born July 27, 1949) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman.
In 2007, he commanded an operation to bring food aid to over 30,000 new Sudanese in the country's north-east.
A conserved RGD motif is found in this protein, and this is potentially involved in integrin recognition.
Due to the multiphoton absorption, the background signal is strongly suppressed.
It was a low-distortion audio oscillator used for testing sound equipment.
Hagen's flying squirrel (Petinomys hageni) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.
Curiosity is the most recent artificial object to land safely on Mars.
It consists of only its type species: Seycellesa braueri, which is endangered and endemic to the Seychelles.
Fay White is an Australian singer, songwriter and community facilitator.
The microbes present in koozh demonstrated their probiotic nature in vitro.
Lamberto Caimi (born 30 October 1930) is an Italian cinematographer.
Rombertik is spyware designed to steal confidential information from targets using Internet Explorer, Firefox, or Chrome running on Windows computers.
Alternately, the drawstring may be kept drawn using a cordlock.
A television series adaptation, Witches of East End, debuted October 6, 2013, on Lifetime.
Bodenrode-Westhausen is a municipality in the district of Eichsfeld in Thuringia, Germany.
The album was first released in the Netherlands, the Scandinavian countries, Hungary, Russia, Japan and Australia.
Team USA consisted of 230 athletes competing in all 15 sports.
Such differences may be accounted for by interspecific variation in such factors as germline stability and mitochondria number.
Telecommunications and financial services, however, are represented quite often on the lists of largest losses.
The 671st Bombardment Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit.
The names are those of states, cities, towns, important persons, important locations, famous battles, fish, and ideals.
The female group presence is essential in implementing the takuapus at collective ceremonies.
Bryan Paul Bullington (born September 30, 1980) is an American former professional baseball pitcher.
The stadium holds 30,000 people and was built in 1998.
The St. Boniface Church (Leofeld Church) built in 1903 is on the Saskatchewan Register of Heritage Property.
The Open Trot for horses age four and older was first run in 1985.
The modern village of Lympne derives its name from the ancient port.
Exceptional Children is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering the field of special education.
AltaVista was jointly developed by researchers from DEC's Network Systems Laboratory, Western Research Laboratory and Systems Research Center.
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1906.
Entertaining Mr Sloane is a 1970 British black comedy film directed by Douglas Hickox.
The name was again changed to Greater Lowell Technical High School.
James Jeffrey Weider (born 1951) is an American guitarist best known for his work with the Band.
Fox wrote the 2008 film Anton, which was nominated in three categories of the 2009 Irish Film & Television Awards.
Love Cruise is an American reality TV show broadcast on Fox in 2001.
Two modules detailing countries were released in 1982, Warrior Lords of Darok and Forest Lords of Dihad.
Cory Panshin (born 1947) is an American science fiction critic and writer.
The Italian Catholic Diocese of Carpi (Latin: Dioecesis Carpensis) is in Emilia Romagna, Italy.
Franc Palme (born 14 December 1914) is a Slovenian former ski jumper.
In Victoria, three of the original 37 contested in 1856 still exist.
Moving to Detroit, he appeared on various televeision and radio programs.
Regent's Park College dates to the foundation of the London Baptist Education Society in 1752.
The Battalion was inactivated on 27 January 1945 and the remaining 110 survivors were absorbed into the 82nd Airborne Division.
A permissive dialing period was allowed in which customers could still complete calls using 314.
The leaders of the church determined to install Milton A. Tomlinson as the General Overseer of the church.
They were probably funeral vases, made especially for children who died before marriage.
It is only known from one specimen so its status is doubtful.
Carina Cruz Arenas, (born 18 April 1983), is a Colombian actress, model and designer.
Kavalande is a village in Mysore district of Karnataka state, India.
Derriwong is a rural locality in Cunningham County a Cadastral divisions of New South Wales, Australia.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 19, 1998.
Senia Russakoff Alexander (September 26, 1891 - December 29, 1981) was a Russian dancer and teacher.
Fetzer has won several body building competitions, including her first, the 1995 Virginia Classic (Woman's Heavyweight division).
Antrix Corporation Limited is the commercial arm of the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO).
The fugitives killed the hunters and allowed the family to join their party.
The extra genetic material disrupts normal development, causing multiple and complex organ defects.
The following year, it finally agreed a merger with NAFTA, which formed the National Union of Furniture Trade Operatives.
The squadron is assigned to Carrier Air Wing Eight and uses the radio callsign Lion.
At the time of the Istat census of 2001 it had 15 inhabitants.
Tarja performed at only 1 festival that year, this is at the Metal Female Voices Festival in Belgium.
SkyClan's Destiny is a children's fantasy novel, the third super edition in the Warriors series.
They are currently members of the West Midlands (Regional) League Premier Division and play at Beeches View.
By then attendance didn't justify that schedule, so services were cut back to several times each year.
The song describes someone ending a relationship due to not feeling exclusive and important to their partner.
He added, "I've always felt that dirty comics aren't always funny but funny comics can be dirty."
It was based in Hamburg and offered holiday flights on behalf of tour operators.
He is the author of The Language of Hosea 1-3.
In mathematics, the E8 manifold is the unique compact, simply connected topological 4-manifold with intersection form the E8 lattice.
Coral Reef is currently ranked No.134 of the top high schools in the nation.
The series is unrelated to the earlier Bad City Blue featuring Button Men in 2000 AD #468-479.
Because Xiphopteris is polyphyletic, some of its species were not transferred to Cochlidium with the type species.
Masters also earned one cap with the U.S. national team in 1992.
Five albums were released, all during the 1980s, before Chaland's untimely death.
Musile di Piave was an important town in World War I due to its position near the river.
It is executive produced by George Lucas and directed by Jerry Rees, with stunt coordination by Glenn Randall.
He also plays recurring character Quinn in Wizards vs Aliens.
The day used for the census was Tuesday, 20 April 1926.
Mendis finished with bowling figures of 6 wickets for just 8 runs in the match.
U.S. standard clothing sizes for women were originally developed from statistical data in the 1940s and 1950s.
Damudere is a village in the District of Amasya, Amasya Province, Turkey.
This upset a lot of fans of the series, but success continued.
This is a list of compositions by Nikolai Medtner by genre.
Stark's lark (Spizocorys starki) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family.
Schmolz + Bickenbach AG (know until 2006 as Swiss Steel) is a listed steel group based in Lucerne / Switzerland.
A twentieth victim from the non-union group was later murdered, bringing the death total to 23.
The school won NIAC and NIVC Championships in Women's basketball and volleyball in the 2006-07 season.
Mordellistena discicollis is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus, which is in the Mordellidae family.
He is associated with several social and Gujarati literary organizations such as Gujarati Sahitya Parishad.
Love's Brother is a 2004 film written and directed by Jan Sardi.
Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Kannapurhatti, Raichur (JNVK) is a co-educational residential school near Mudgal, Raichur, India.
She was assassinated in January 2017, along with Joe Javier Rodallega, her partner.
Sometimes, he makes a mistake with his own lessons and that's when one of his friends come to help him.
A skip link which bypasses this content can make the document much more accessible.
He lives in Oakland, California, and was a founding director of a commercial research organization, ThinkTank Maths.
Nemoria intensaria is a species of emerald moth in the family Geometridae.
She was launched on 13 July 1770 at Chatham Dockyard, and completed there on 21 November 1770.
Manis returned to working with his trainers' act in Las Vegas.
It once housed a private school attended by Mark Twain.
It was introduced elsewhere and it is now cultivated throughout tropical regions of the world for this purpose.
The projects were started by two high school students Zach Melnick and Jeremy LaLonde of Cayuga, Ontario.
It was based on a novel by Amy Kennedy Gould.
Based in San Diego, California, the Sting plays its home games in nearby Carlsbad at Carlsbad High School.
It is also notable for an appearance of Letta Mbulu's singing "Nonqonqo" with an African choir, written by Miriam Makeba.
Phrynarachne is a genus of spiders in the family Thomisidae.
Ethiopia competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.
Their work includes music videos, Feature films, television and art installations.
Brigadier General William Kaye Legge, CMG, DSO (1869-1946) was a senior British Army officer during the First World War.
The event commemorated the 14th anniversary of EMLL, which would become the oldest professional wrestling promotion in the world.
Mechanics Bank is a community banking financial institution headquartered in Walnut Creek, California.
A leader in a number of areas, it became the world's largest producer of denim.
Elst is known for its Roman temples, which are situated under the Saint Werenfried church.
As of 2008, 152,238 entombments have been recorded at Calvary Cemetery.
It has its headquarters at Freshwater house in London and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
All new club leaders are mentored by other recognized club leaders.
Jan Jaroslav Pinkava (born 21 June 1963, in Prague) is a Czech British writer and animator.
Online search engines store images, link data and metadata for the document as well.
The Glade within the Grove is a Miles Franklin Award-winning novel by Australian author David Foster.
His 1938 Lament for the Stolen, for women's chorus and orchestra, was written in commemoration of the Lindbergh kidnapping.
He also goes under the names Steve Buelen, Steve Bulin, Stevie Beeline, and Scott Ponsov.
This marine crustacean is found in Japan at depths between 11m and 50m.
The habitat consists of open areas from sea level up to 1,200 meters.
She is the model that has the most walk at Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2017.
He founded the Sanatan Dharma Maha Sabha in 1952, which grew into the major Hindu organization in Trinidad and Tobago.
Also in 2004, Southern Lord repackaged Dog Days with Goatsnake Vol.
He was admitted to the California bar in 1967 and commenced practice in Santa Ana.
Bear Creek Spire is part of the John Muir Wilderness and the Inyo National Forest.
Defects in this gene are a cause of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (HH).
Hiram Bingham III visited the site in April 1915, referring to it as Cedrobamba, or cedar plain.
The inlet is located within the Southwest National Park, part of the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Area.
She competed in the 1,500 m, 3,000 m and team pursuit at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin.
Hyperaspis dissoluta, the dissolute lady beetle, is a species of lady beetles in the family Coccinellidae.
Dan previously served as the editor of the Channel 2 nightly news edition - the highest-rated news program in Israel.
This is the first and last album that Caleb Denison is featured on.
He is active in the local community, having served as director of the board of Colac Area Health.
Later, in the 2000s, he was the party's Secretary of International Relations.
But it has been in use since at least 1995.
Louann Donovan (born September 26, 1986) is an American former competitive figure skater.
The arrondissement of Corte is an arrondissement of France in the Haute-Corse department in the territorial collectivity of Corsica.
2007 European Artistic Gymnastics Championships were the 2nd individual European championships and took place in Amsterdam the Netherlands April 2007.
The pearly-breasted conebill (Conirostrum margaritae) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
Johnson married Sarah Elizabeth Stephenson (1836-1921), widow of Benjamin Jackson.
Students submit a Curriculum vitae to The Year in Industry detailing what field they are interested in finding a placement.
The Standard Chartered Bank of Canada was the Canadian banking unit of the British Standard Chartered Bank.
Helcogramma chica, known commonly as the little hooded triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Helcogramma.
The serial features Sanam Saeed and Australian actor, writer and film director Summer Nicks and Mehak Khan in lead roles.
Bollinger Shipyards is an American constructor of ships, workboats and patrol vessels.
He pitched parts of seven seasons in the majors for five teams between 1985 and 1993.
Also on the property is the original well and canopy.
She was previously the director of government affairs for the Treasurer and Receiver-General of Massachusetts, Steve Grossman.
Special positions are left invariant by the identity operation and at least one other operation of the space group.
Continental people have sex lives: the English have hot water bottles.
The Alaska Congressional election of 2002 was held on Tuesday, November 5, 2002.
The West Sumba island's best megalithic tombs are located here.
He then played in the United States Football League for two seasons.
She was the first woman to head a pontifical university.
David Rozgonyi (born in 1976 in Libya) is an American/Hungarian author and world traveler.
These are the Canadian number-one albums of 1979 as compiled by RPM.
The Noongar names for the plant are baian, djiriji, koondagoor and quinning.
Leibowitz's work will be the subject of a career survey at the Contemporary Jewish Museum, San Francisco in January 2017.
He attended The King's School, Rochester before winning a music scholarship to Uppingham School.
Less than a year later, UDOT tore out the syncrete.
The competition was held on August 1 and 2 at the shooting ranges in Los Angeles.
In the United States, Corridor D is part of the Appalachian Development Highway System.
Magic is a 2013 Indonesian soap opera that airs on RCTI daily.
He has also done production management and second unit directing work.
Community Day Schools in California are operated by school districts.
The water is fed into different storage levels, depending on the available feed temperature and current temperature layering.
What followed, became one of Shortland Street's most iconic storylines, with the happy couple discovering they were, in fact, related.
He has honorary doctorates from General Theological Seminary (1996) and Nashotah House (2006).
Advertising campaigns are built to accomplish a particular objective or a set of objectives.
Ballaroo is a locality in the Maranoa Region, Queensland, Australia.
The track was first premiered on 12 December 2006 through Webbe's official website.
Starting in fall 2017 it is the zoned high school of all of Gadsden County.
There would be nothing for them to manufacture or pass counterfeits of.
The paper was owned by Southam Inc., but is now owned by the publisher Great West Newspapers.
In its first week of release it reached #4 in the UK Indie Album chart.
This is a round-up of the 1986 Sligo Senior Football Championship.
The championship began on 4 May 1985 and ended on 29 September 1985.
This particular clone was discovered in a tray of a bunch of mutants by Mike Ross.
The Restoration is a 1910 American silent short drama produced by the Thanhouser Company.
The album was released in 2004 through Gamelock Records and distributed by Liveone Records.
Most geothermal resources are currently used for heating settlements in the North Caucasus and Kamchatka.
It is distinguished from the Latin Church Diocese of Pittsburgh.
The airline's first flight took place on 17 July 2018.
The Bon Air Manor is a historic gatehouse to the original Benson's Park Manor.
In 1957 it was located at 736-A North La Cienega Boulevard, Los Angeles, California.
At the time of the Istat census of 2001 it had 74 inhabitants.
The character's first appearance was in Heroes for Hire vol.
Published fortnightly, it offers a critique, by Welsh writers, of various social and cultural aspects of Wales.
Diane Fleri (born 13 July 1983), is a French-born Italian actress.
He made his Twenty20 debut for Western Province in the 2017 Africa T20 Cup on 25 August 2017.
This, aided by internal conflicts, led to a steady downfall of the state from which it didn't recover.
It was recorded between September and December 1998, produced by Ben Vaughn and engineered by Mark Linett.
He replaced Gilbert Heathcote as Governor and was succeeded by Humphry Morice.
Headquartered in Dallas, Texas, the company maintains plants and distributors in the United States.
In chemistry, a reactive intermediate or an intermediate is a short-lived, high-energy, highly reactive molecule.
Clyde Hurle (died November 19, 2002) was an Australian professional wrestler best known as Kangaroo Kennedy.
In 1996, People Magazine named him one of the "50 Most Beautiful People In The World".
It broadcasts weekdays 6am - 12mn & weekends 6am - 1am.
The website used Drupal as the content management system and MediaWiki for the Wiki part.
Chris Wylde (born Chris Noll, c. 1977) is an American actor from New Jersey.
Natricia Bernard is represented by Mark Summers in the UK, and Go 2 Talent in Los Angeles.
She competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China and the 2012 Games in London.
Subsequently it was included on a number of their live albums.
It was released as a partner to the CD best-of compilation, The Cream & The Crock.
Christina Aguilera is the self-titled debut studio album by American singer Christina Aguilera.
The MONA or Hodges number for Dasychira dorsipennata is 8293.
Outdoor recreation opportunities include cross-country skiing, snowmobiling and hiking trails.
Another measure in finance, one which views upside risk as unimportant compared to downside risk, is the downside beta.
Eldorado Gold Corporation is a Canadian mid-cap gold mining company.
Achorella is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
Further, the dictates of Islam are themselves subject to diverse interpretation among reformists, Islamists and ultraconservatives.
Ancona is an unincorporated community in Livingston County, Illinois, United States.
Colburn is an unincorporated community located in the town of Colburn, Chippewa County, Wisconsin, United States.
Pascal Ochieng (born 15 May 1986 in Kenya) is a Kenyan international footballer, currently playing for Simba.
The Antimenes Painter was an Attic vase painter of the black-figure style, active between circa 530 and 510 BC.
When she returned to Milan she received a tape from an Arab woman, telling the story of her life.
Maurizio Malagnini is an Italian composer who lives in London.
He also expressed his group's commitment to the peace agreement.
The Pistoxenos Painter probably started his apprenticeship under the Antiphon Painter in the workshop of Euphronios.
From about 1525 he was organist at St Paul's Cathedral (succeeding Thomas Hickman).
Gabriel Trifu (born 14 April 1975) is a former Romanian tennis player.
The 2018 Hugos will be presented at the 76th Worldcon, Worldcon 76, in San Jose, California, on August 17, 2018.
Water polo events were contested at the 1987 Summer Universiade in Zagreb, Yugoslavia.
South Beaver Dam is an unincorporated community in Dodge County, Wisconsin, United States, in the town of Calamus.
House's third season ran from September 5, 2006 to May 29, 2007.
The album is made up of twelve tracks utilizing mostly piano, strings and subtle electronic elements.
She would sneak away from her father to the beach where Acayatl would serenade her.
WVBA (88.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Brattleboro, Vermont.
It is situated 15 kilometers south of Ponnani, bordering Thrissur district.
The band once again recorded at John Keane's studio in Athens.
Krystal Meyers is the self-titled debut album by Krystal Meyers, released in 2005 on Essential Records.
Just a few months before the station opened to the public, it was decided to give it the present name.
Bulbophyllum ochroleucum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
In 2010, the population of the St. George census county division (CCD) was 2,841.
The unfortified enclosure usage was developed by the British Empire in Asia and Africa.
He previously played football with the Vaughan Road Academy, University of Toronto and the Toronto Balmy Beach Beachers.
Starring Gemini Ganesan , P. Bhanumathi , Kalpana , Sivakumar , Sreekanth , Thengai Srinivasan and Manorama.
Charles David Whitehurst (born April 27, 1955) is a former professional American football quarterback in the National Football League.
Generally, IPAs have core four functions: image building of FDI hosting country, investment generation, project management and after care services.
This was the first May Blitz album that wasn't self produced by the band.
In Ancient Roman culture, cena was the main meal of the day.
Zittleoceras has been found in middle and upper Ordovician sediments in North America and Scotland.
Both sides then began importing weapons and ammunition from Germany, in the Larne gun-running and Howth gun-running incidents.
In 1998, he was appointed Chairman of the Benevolent Fund.
Rhabdodontids were similar to large, robust iguanodonts, with deep skulls and jaws.
His sculptures in public places include: A granite and bronze sculpture at the Kauai Performing Arts Center, Lihue, Hawaii.
He first met Kopylova after his twin brother Dale, also a dancer, introduced them.
The most common serogroups are serogroup 1, 2 and 3.
The Montgomery County Courthouse is located in Red Oak, Iowa, United States.
It was described by Melzer in 1932, and is known from Brazil.
It is therefore able to incorporate full linguistic knowledge at an early stage.
As with much of Graham's early choreography, little else is known about Danza.
Since February 2008 they have played 16 first-class matches in four seasons of the Pentangular Cup.
It is native to tropical continental Asia and some adjacent islands, and has been naturalized in some parts of Japan.
It was designed by Atlanta architect Andrew J. Bryan and Company and was built by Andrews & Stevens.
Algorithms built around CAS typically read some key memory location and remember the old value.
It was uploaded to YouTube via the Sumerian Records channel.
The following day, 4,000 fans saw the Yankees beat the Brooklyn Dodgers, 4-3.
This article is about depictions of the Teutonic Knights in popular culture.
Labor candidate Bill Moore won the resulting by-election on 9 November 1940.
It covers all aspects of clinical pharmacology and drug therapy in humans.
He retired soon after winning a national title in 1969, before archery was reintroduced to the Olympic Games in 1972.
The film was based on the novel Mr Midshipman Easy (1836) by Frederick Marryat.
It was an enhanced version of MINCE, which itself was a version of Emacs for microcomputer platforms.
Pran Kishore Kaul is best known as the creator of 1991 Doordarshan television serial Gul Gulshan Gulfaam.
In September 2014 AMHP published a report outlining successful housing models and a national forum is now established.
The Range's infrastructure contains virtual servers placed on Merit's fiber-optic network.
BXI is a collaborative EP by the Japanese band Boris and the Cult lead vocalist Ian Astbury.
They constitute excellent specimens of mid-6th century B.C. art, coming from workshops in Ionia, or, to a certain extent, Corinth.
The series concluded on October 7, 2011 with a total of 84 episodes.
It was recorded in South Florida and mixed in Detroit by Jim Diamond.
The House at 59 Aegean Avenue is a historic home in the Davis Islands neighborhood of Tampa, Florida, United States.
MBB SE is a family-run mid sized group of companies, headquartered in Berlin.
Sekatle lectured at the National University of Lesotho from 1984 to 2001.
Two independent councilors (one elected in 2007, the other elected at a by-election in 2011) remained outside the Angus Alliance.
Tschingellochtighorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps, located south of Adelboden in the Bernese Oberland.
The company was founded by Brad Rosen and Bill Kirtley.
Wisden wrote in 1978 that Hector was "highly thought of by the senior players" at Essex.
KJWY-LP also operates a digital companion channel, KJWY-LD, on channel 36.
After the adoption became finalized, It came to light that Alec McIntyre, corporate mogul/white collar criminal was his biological father.
It has since grown into an increasingly diverse organization with members from across the political spectrum.
The walls are up to 30 feet tall and 6 feet thick.
It is a header file that provides templates and types that enable interoperation between stream buffers and string objects.
Janno Kivisild (born 5 August 1977) is an Estonian football coach.
Its fiscal year runs with the general school calendar, August 1 - July 31.
It was released by Royal Crown Records on October 27, 2009.
The refuge also includes about 19,000 acres of cropland leased to growers.
He was later coach of AS Port-Louis 2000 and Curepipe Starlight SC.
Home-Start works with people who have parenting experience to support local parents.
There are specific standards for e-learning and, since 2009, for vocational education and technical training.
Hopeless is the sixth episode of the fifth season of HBO's original series True Blood and the 54th episode overall.
In 1958, Garvey was Chairman of the ACS Rubber Division.
Of the album's seven tracks, only "Affogato" was written by Niel.
It carries a high mortality rate if untreated but is a vaccine-preventable disease.
It educates around 900 pupils and is part of a sixth form arrangement in the Herschel Consortium.
It is dedicated to the deity Kulandeshwara (the Hindu god Shiva).
The original version of the language was "double precision", i.e. 32-bit (and so each integer used two 16-bit Nova words).
This rate is often used as an indicator of the level of health in a country.
It can be viewed as the anhydride of malonic acid, or a double ketone of oxetane.
Nineteenth Century was a British monthly literary magazine founded in 1877 by Sir James Knowles.
It is related to, but listed separately from the Bronck House.
In some cases the party also has the right to sell the chattel.
It is owned by the Indian Air Force and also permits both commercial as well as private flights.
She then returned to Atlanta, GA to host a radio program, "Ginger from Georgia".
She is perhaps best known for her role in the Trent Affair of 1861.
He is the oldest brother of Fred Stanfield and the late Jim Stanfield, both of whom also played professional hockey.
It was founded in 1962 and the name is an abbreviation of Naantali's old Latin name Vallis gratiae.
It is the show's first season to air on ABC.
Hem, (born Kamal Joory) is a Nottingham based producer, live electronic musician and DJ.
Districts (Croatian: kotar) were the secondary territorial subdivisions of the Independent State of Croatia.
Niditinea is a genus of the fungus moth family, Tineidae.
Other elements include digital on-screen graphics (DOGs) and End Credit Promotions (ECPs).
Pascal Gabriel is a Belgian-born musician based in London and France.
Molly Fisk (born Mary Elizabeth Fisk, July 16, 1955) is an American poet and radio commentator.
He formerly played for AZ, FC Groningen, Go Ahead Eagles and VfL Bochum.
The story begins when she was growing up in war torn Afghanistan.
An installation need include only the components required: intertask synchronization, communication subsystems, a filesystem, extended memory management, command shell, etc.
Ensconse (foaled 20 March 1986) was an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
Upon leaving active service in 1973, he co-founded Meredith Swimming Pool Enterprises in Virginia Beach, Virginia and became its President.
The highway also serves as a valid alternative route to reach Kumasi.
In 2012, the St. Martin Parish precincts were removed from District 39.
The Vasco Era were an Australian three piece rock/blues band based in Melbourne, Australia.
Nidagal is a village in Belgaum district of Karnataka, India.
He was charged with violence at an international airport and interfering with airport security.
2003 Denmark Open is a darts tournament, which took place in Denmark in 2003.
In mammals, protein kinases related to STE20 can be divided into 2 subfamilies based on their structure and regulation.
It was not an elected body, but one whose members were appointed by the consuls, and later by the censors.
Stop is a Julio Iglesias studio album released in 1988.
Tunitas, California was a small unincorporated community in San Mateo County.
The population of the civil parish at the 2011 census was 369.
As well as the main entertainment areas, there are a number of licensed bars and a restaurant.
Thirteen episodes of the series were ordered, but only nine episodes aired.
Adult size is unknown due to lack of fossil remains.
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Gibson County, Tennessee.
Wake therapy is a form of sleep deprivation used as a treatment for depression.
Jarville-la-Malgrange is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in north-eastern France.
This area of the Mediterranean Sea is prone to strong winds, making a safe journey around the island difficult.
Rajagiri is all geared up to host its seventh edition of Rajagiri National Business Quiz this year.
The 22nd International 500-Mile Sweepstakes Race was held at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway on May 30, 1934.
Berrigan (born 6 June 1975) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s.
William's nephew was George E. Stanley who was a racer at Brooklands.
The magazine is the sponsor of the Annual Renaissance Festival Awards together with Celtic Music magazine.
The game is part of the Fire Pro Wrestling series.
The engine may cool too rapidly, resulting in stuck valves, cracked cylinders or other problems.
The song was showcased in 2011 on the show, "The Young and the Restless".
Parit is a main town of Perak Tengah District, Perak, Malaysia.
It was established as an important railway link between Lindley and Senekal.
This includes two Master of Wine one of whom is wine writer and critic Jancis Robinson.
Swisslog has 2,500 employees in approximately 20 countries and had revenues of 620.8 million euros in 2015.
In the Senate, the anti-Jackson faction won moderate gains, taking the majority in the Senate.
It is endemic to Sri Lanka, where it is known from only one location.
The commission is part of the Nigerian Ministry of Interior and its head is appointed by the President of Nigeria.
Tom Bagley (born December 3, 1939, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania), is a former driver in the USAC and CART Championship Car series.
The church is currently a Grade I listed building as it is a building of exceptional interest.
Deitrich's original section is 90 by 40 feet, with the first-story walls of thick fieldstone.
Carole Simpson (born December 7, 1940) is an American broadcast journalist, news anchor, and author.
Wetterzeube is a municipality in the Burgenlandkreis district, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
It is composed of 15 imprints including AmazonEncore, AmazonCrossing, Montlake Romance, Thomas & Mercer, 47North, TOPPLE Books.
It was built in 2004 and holds up to 2,422 people during sports events and up to 3,556 during concerts.
It migrates in November from New Guinea to its breeding grounds in the rainforest of North Queensland, Australia.
In its day, it was one of the largest shopping malls in Pennsylvania.
As on the single, these musicians are Tracie Thomas on guitar and Eric Van Leuven on drums.
The Smashing Pumpkins, which spent a total of five weeks at number one.
Alexander Karp (born October 2, 1967) is an American billionaire businessman, co-founder and CEO of the software firm Palantir Technologies.
Worse, many HOVs are large transit vehicles such as vans and busses.
When the forces are aligned into each other, they are called compression forces.
El Quebrachal is a town and municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
Upadhyay was born to a farmer's family in Raipur, Chhattisgarh, India.
They also published a number of original children's and teenage novels.
St Andrew's Church is the Church of England parish church of Tarring, West Sussex, England.
During the German-led Axis invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941, Sava served with the 1st Monitor Division.
The 2008 season was the first in which the team was ranked in the preseason rankings.
A New South Wales Country representative, he plays as a second-row forward and center.
Anthidium bechualandicum is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae, the leaf-cutter, carder, or mason bees.
AIMS was a standards-based assessment aligned with the Arizona Academic Content Standards.
In the north, 2nd Battalion, 8th Marines (2/8) pushed into Garmsir district.
Nambinga resigned in November 2007 after being informally accused of being an "agent of imperialism" at a SWAPO party conference.
Palo Viejo (or, alternatively, Ron Palo Viejo) is a Puerto Rican rum brand.
Jean-Paul Ribreau (born December 1, 1957) is a former professional footballer who played as a defender.
Craiglwyn is a top of Creigiau Gleision in Snowdonia, Wales, near Capel Curig.
ProofPilot's tools apply them to a whole variety of other personal and societal health and wellness issues.
Mahmutlar, Alanya is a village in the District of Alanya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
Your Spades Up! is the debut live DVD the Hip-Hop Duo Kingspade that was released on February 19, 2008.
She is the daughter of erotic photographer Suze Randall and author Humphry Knipe.
Public religious ceremonies of the official Roman religion took place outdoors, and not within the temple building.
Humboldt Township is one of twelve townships in Humboldt County, Iowa, USA.
In later seasons, the tone becomes more naturalistic and there is more emphasis on internal politics within the police.
Gurazada Apparao wrote the play, Kanyasulkam in 1892, which is often considered the greatest play in the Telugu language.
They were inducted into the United States Figure Skating Hall of Fame in 1993.
The forewings are dark brown with two large pale spots.
The choir has 250 members aged 5 to 25 years old, placed in 7 choirs according to age and experience.
Erin's Own were the defending champions, however, they were defeated by Bride Rovers in the semi-final.
Blaisdell is a Hawaiian musician whose popularity has drawn thousands of fans to his appearances.
The band recorded two self-financed EP's both containing four songs.
It is a halogenated organic compound consisting of propyne with a bromine substituent on the methyl group.
It is on the western border of Odisha with Chhattisgarh.
Jessica Tarahata Hagedorn (born 1949) is a Filipino playwright, writer, poet, and multimedia performance artist.
It was originally only open on week days, but service was intended to be extended to be extended to weekends.
It was written by Lee Thompson, and was the band's first single.
The following is a list of the 27 comuni of the Province of Crotone, Calabria, in Italy.
The type specimen, holotype HGM 41HIII-0106, preserves partial hips and hindlimbs, and was named and described in 2011.
Five Go to Smuggler's Top is the fourth book in the Famous Five series by the British author, Enid Blyton.
Hell Cat is a 1934 pre-Code American crime film for Columbia Pictures directed by Albert Rogell (70 minutes).
James F. Jones Jr. (born April 9, 1947) is an American academic administrator and educator.
NNC-711 is an anticonvulsant, acting as a gamma-aminobutyric acid uptake inhibitor via inhibition of GAT-1.
It is situated on the A80 road, between Stepps and Cumbernauld.
Three human figures: two women and a man are included.
Marie Railroad located one mile west of US Route 281 and about six miles north of Minnewaukan.
Jassem Khalloufi (born 2 September 1981) is a Tunisian footballer.
It was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Short Form Music Video at the 48th Grammy Awards.
Ana Carolina Cosse Garrido (born 1962 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan engineer and politician.
Nicolas Vaughan "Nicky" Travis (born 12 March 1987) is an English footballer who plays as a winger for Matlock Town.
Their debut single 'troubling me' was selected by the London Metro as one of their singles of the week.
It is affiliated with Sheik Jamal Dhanmondi Club football team.
It was done in order to make the murky defense deals of the then ruling party NDA public.
The Dogs Act 1906 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which deals with dogs.
The college was accredited in 2006 by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) at B++ (83.5%) Grade.
Ulric Browne is a UK-based actor who is best known for playing Winston in EastEnders.
It was designed by George Brockwell Gill and built in 1915.
She is a member of the Albanian women's volleyball national team and Albanian women's pro teams.
Medford Township was organized in 1855, and named for Medford Colling, the son of an early settler.
In 1956 he attended the Congress of Alba and signed to the Final Resolution of the Alba Congress.
Gogan was born in Scotland in 1960/1961 and left her native Glasgow in the 1980s to train at LAMDA.
Users can get Wikipedia-based information about points of interest all over the world.
The city of Sandersville is the county seat of Washington County, Georgia, United States.
Mannofield is an affluent, middle class area of Aberdeen, Scotland.
Ballet portal Cynthia Kathleen Gregory (born July 8, 1946) is an American former prima ballerina.
Bulbophyllum laxum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
Leaders from all the member countries met from 20-21 November 2004 in Santiago.
It is threatened by habitat loss caused by subsistence agriculture and logging.
Electricity production does not require water, produce emissions, or generate solid waste.
Acrosorium papenfussii is a species of red algae described by W. R. Taylor.
He has been honored as the winner of a number of hymn searches and contests.
Incumbent Democratic United States Senator Tom Harkin sought re-election to a fifth term in the United States Senate.
Montello station is an MBTA Commuter Rail station in Brockton, Massachusetts.
In 2001, Skidd left Ardent and started 747 Studios with fellow producer Paul Ebersold.
He was the Republican nominee for Governor of Washington in 2012.
Mainstage theater has been historically distinguished from smaller-scale studio theater.
This total was down from the 1999 figure of US$2.4 billion, or US$1.90 per capita.
Campbell had a poor final round of 65 and Jamie Anderson was Ferguson's only challenger.
Gigaductus is a genus of parasites in the phylum Apicomplexa.
Nor je ta svet is Neisha's second studio album, released in 2007.
Atascosa County is part of the San Antonio-New Braunfels, TX Metropolitan Statistical Area.
She currently runs her eponymous lifestyle brand, which she founded in 2015.
Though many theories have been advanced, experts find none widely persuasive, and some can hardly be taken seriously at all.
The series has also been broadcast on The LifeStyle Channel in Australia.
Albanian language songs about Arnaut Osman include Sirotan Alia and Arnaut Osman.
Ayyappa Temple is a famous Hindu temple dedicated to lord Ayyappan, located in Anakkara Panchayath in Palakkad district of Kerala.
It was a perfect foundation for a situation where often people did not know exact spelling.
The position is elected by a group of elders and has traditionally rotated amongst the major clans of the Ebira.
The video had been filmed in April 1997 and featured Athens singer-songwriter Vic Chesnutt, who wrote the song.
James Pickering (born 11 December 1966) is Fijian former professional rugby league footballer.
Synesthesia is a neurological condition in which two or more bodily senses are coupled.
James Turberville (or Turbervyle) (died 1559) was Bishop of Exeter from 1555.
The name of the consolidated village, thus means "Radi's Creek".
The first such device was invented in 1894 by Alexander Stepanovich Popov.
Dimethylaniline monooxygenase [N-oxide-forming] 4 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the FMO4 gene.
Distributed by Paramount Pictures, this film was made in VistaVision.
He has also played at senior international level with the Republic of Ireland.
Gnarkill is the self-titled studio album by American comedy rock band Gnarkill.
All these names were approved by the IAU on October 5, 2015.
Duties include preparing spaces for worship, managing supplies, and ensuring the security and safety of the Chaplain during combat situations.
He signed with the Patriots just before the season began.
Sheikh Abdul Aziz bin Ghardaqa was the commander of the Saudi army in Oman.
In 2013, Mugisha became the Head of Editorial and was a television producer with CNBC Africa.
Many courts and legislatures look to ALI's treatises as authoritative reference material concerning many legal issues.
Kepler-37 has a mass about 80.3 percent of the Sun's and a radius about 77 percent as large.
In the 2014 state assembly elections, he defeated K Hanmanth Reddy of TRS by a margin of 39,024 votes.
The single peaked at #3 on the Oricon charts and charted for seven weeks.
The Blow Monkeys, released in 1986 by RCA/Ariola (now BMG).
In November 7, 2008, the station left XM permanently, and is no longer on the XM service.
Carinetini is a tribe of cicadas in the family Cicadidae, found in the neotropics.
It was once one of the largest hotels in America but it was destroyed by fire in August 1919.
Andrew Petrie (1798 - 20 February 1872) was a pioneer, architect and builder in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
The franchise was originally known as the Albany Legends, changing their name in 2014 with a move to Schenectady.
The name Harome simply means rocks/stones, and translates from old English meaning a heap of stones.
Baptist Village Communities (BVC) is a not-for-profit organization that provides aging services in Oklahoma.
In the Roman Empire, it was known as year 187 Ab urbe condita.
The composition was nominated in the Best Rock Instrumental Performance category for the 25th Annual Grammy Awards.
In 2017, BSWW introduced a sixth individual award for best women's player of the year.
It is found in Lake Tanganyika which is bordered by Burundi, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Tanzania and Zambia.
Retro Rewind is an American nationally syndicated radio show hosted by Dave Harris.
For a short time he was chairman of Hull City A.F.C. and Hull F.C..
A snow dance is a ritual that is performed with the hopes of bringing snow in the winter months.
The Nooksack Formation is a geologic formation in Washington (state).
Since 1984 it has published over 1,300 articles and reviews focused on the philosophical examination of religion and Christian faith.
A landship is a large vehicle that travels on land, as opposed to on water, air, or in space.
The station shares branding with SCA's Perth and Adelaide stations hit92.9 and hit107.
The town of Port Sydney is located at its southern end.
Opened to road traffic in 1982, the bridge carries the A14 road (formerly the A45 road) over the River Orwell.
He is also a faithful propagandist for the State of Israel.
She was the Norwegian member of the planning committee for the Nordic conference Nordic Forum in 1988.
Built in 1896, it the only known local residence to be built in the Romanesque Revival style.
Petauroidea is a superfamily of marsupials from Australia and New Guinea.
A limited first pressing of Joy was released in gold CD format.
This is a list of schools in the London Borough of Bromley, England.
Metius zischkai is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Pterostichinae.
It thrives in volcanic soils because of its deep roots.
He is currently the third highest rated chess player in India after Viswanathan Anand and Pentala Harikrishna.
The title and cover is a parody of the promo pic for the film Waiting to Exhale.
Centennial F.C. also known as Philadelphia Centennials, was an early twentieth century amateur U.S. soccer team based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Located at 1527 Champa Street, it is next to the Roger & Son Mortuary/Yankee Dollar Building.
It is the only roller coaster by TOGO still operating in North America.
This allows multiple samples in the depth of the image to make up the final resulting color.
Explosive eruptions have been recorded from the volcano since the seventeenth century.
A further 8,403 men were wounded in action, and 9,838 became prisoners of war.
It is found in the Andes in mountainous regions of Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru.
These depots are located in all five boroughs of the city, with one located in nearby Yonkers in Westchester County.
The journal is published biannually, with recent issues available online.
The railway opened on 12 August 1839 as part of the Birmingham and Derby Junction Railway (B&DJR).
Ben Laurie is a software engineer, protocol designer and cryptographer.
RIAs are produced in many countries, although their scope, content, role and influence on policy making vary.
It is known from Paraguay, Surinam, Venezuela, Bolivia and Brazil.
He was inspired by artists such as Ice Cube and Eminem.
It first aired on 3 October 1964, during the second season.
Janet Lynn Nowicki (born April 6, 1953 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American figure skater.
The book is regarded as a classic of feminism and one of radical feminism's key texts.
In the intervening years, Freshwaters lived under an assumed name and sought work as a truck driver.
The Comets play in the MIAA and play their home games at the Cutler Athletic Complex in Olivet, Michigan.
Stockton is married to former Orange Show beauty queen Catherine Hales.
Compound rotorcraft may also include additional thrust engines or propellers and static lifting surfaces.
Catharine, also known as Dr. Samuel A. Mudd House, is a historic house near Waldorf, Maryland.
Its primary purpose was to demonstrate its wearer's allegiance to the cause of women's suffrage in the UK.
Awarded the Janssen Medal from the French Academy of Sciences in 1905.
Richard John Grecco (born 4 March 1946) is a Canadian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.
He retired from competition in the 1980s and later started a singing career.
It operated in New York City until 1920, producing over a thousand films.
This is the first album with vocalist Cory Brandan Putman.
Nora Ferrer is a fictional character in Sine Novela's first installment of the Philippines TV show Sinasamba Kita.
He returned to the state house in 2007, by defeating Balkman.
More specifically, this field is about making robots that are inspired by biological systems.
The district includes structural, landscape and archeological components of a small and well preserved mid-19th-century iron furnace built about 1853.
Ad Duwaykah is a village in Muscat, in northeastern Oman.
It was recorded on August 1, 1992, prior to the band's signing with Geffen Records.
The key to getting a song across in this band is never to try and write all the words.
Wiechers turned professional and joined the PGA Tour in 1966.
The station has been assigned these call letters by the Federal Communications Commission since December 17, 2004.
The last track played by presenter Neil Grayson was Green Day's "Good Riddance (Time of your Life)".
This court system was administered under the Ottoman Ministry of Justice.
The Bayswater Football Club is an Australian rules football club located in Bayswater, Victoria.
Friends (stylized FRIENDS) is the debut album by Japanese idol artist Erina Mano.
In 1900, she married James William Morrisson, president of Fuller-Morrisson Co., wholesale druggists.
Canal Hollywood is a movies cable channel available in Spain and Portugal.
Backtrackin' is a 2 disk compilation album by Eric Clapton spanning the years 1966 to 1980.
Born in 1967 in Edmonton, Alberta, he is the Son of Rodney and Beverly McKinlay.
Cyperus trachysanthos is a rare species of sedge known by the common names pu`uka`a and sticky flatsedge.
Lyrics were written by Fred Ziemer, and music was composed by J.R. Shannon.
She represented New Zealand at the 1998 and 2002 Women's Rugby World Cup.
On 17 August 2016, Malaysia's Air Pollutant Index first surpassed the 'unhealthy' level of 100 for the region's dry season.
It is his fifth film and was made in the Persian year 1389 (Gregorian year 2010/2011).
He released one album on Capitol Records in 1974, entitled Blood Brother.
Also, supersonic flight heats up the skin of the aircraft as result of air friction.
Inter was a British band active in the late 1990s and closely associated with the post-Britpop pop punk scene.
Beta male, or simply beta, is a term derived from the designation for beta animals in ethology.
Bebearia phantasia, the fantasia, is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae.
He spent parts of a gap year in Chile, Belize, and some parts of Africa.
Liam Phillip Smith (born 28 September 1995 in South Shields) is an English professional footballer.
Magic Man is a two-piece major label electronic rock band from Boston, Massachusetts.
Jeffers Mound is a Hopewell tradition Native American burial mound in Worthington, Ohio.
Czechoslovakia competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, Mexico.
Bruno Laurioux is a French medievalist historian born in 1959 in Loudun.
The series has been viewed more than six million times, and is the most shared documentary series ever online.
Larsen attended the Befalsskolen for marinen and holds the cand.polit.
Eight members of the Board are municipal representatives; five members represent property taxpayers; and two members represent provincial interests.
He is also an industrialist, he established Adam's Engineering College in 1998 at Paloncha, Khammam District.
The International Diocese Congregations stretch from Texas to New York and also comprise mission fellowships.
Riders in the Sky is an American Western music and comedy group which began performing in 1977.
The school has 411 staff and faculty, 157 of whom are teachers.
He co-developed the short-lived animated television version of Napoleon Dynamite.
It is an award for socially sustainable corporate policies and innovative employment policies.
The album, although mostly black metal, includes some of the first examples of Viking metal.
The Vago is renowned for fantastic performance in high winds due to the lightweight hull design and the Mylar mainsail.
It is located in Salisbury, Maryland, and serves Dorchester, Wicomico, Somerset and Worcester counties.
Elixir Press titles have been reviewed in venues including Publishers Weekly and the New York Times Book Review.
The service focused mainly on these major news outlets: CNN, Fox News, MSNBC, The New York Times and Yahoo! News.
MacLaren is an NIHR Senior Investigator, or lead researcher, for the speciality of Ophthalmology.
Roy Blitz (born 23 November 1941) is an Australian former football (soccer) player.
The last Soviet troops left the peninsula in December 1941.
China's tax revenue came to 11.05 trillion yuan (1.8 trillion U.S. dollars) in 2013, up 9.8 percent over 2012.
Nanayakkara played active roles for the United National Party victory at the 2001 General election.
In addition, VMedia carries the station on channel 10, while Zazeen carries it on channel 19.
He played college football at the University of Central Florida and attended Piper High School in Sunrise, Florida.
He was the president of Republic Records from 2016-2018, and the president of Epic Records from 2005-2008.
Writer is a word processor similar to Microsoft Word and Corel's WordPerfect, with some identical features.
QCAD 3 was first released in August 2011 with an ECMAScript (JavaScript) interface as major addition.
It was written by David Fury and directed by Miguel Sapochnik.
The first series, an adaptation of the novel Lonely Hearts, was adapted for television by Harvey himself.
He was named People's Artist of the USSR in 1991.
The lamellae are constructed in either rubber or steel, though practically any other fireproof material could be used.
Some other typical sources for RSS feeds are blogs and websites like Digg.
The track was premiered on 11 July 2009 on his official website.
Here the two palaces share the responsibility over the relevant sections of the graveyard.
The Caroline Curling Club is a curling club in Caroline, Alberta.
The track "Of Regrets" is a remix of "We're All Scared Professor," from the album, The Guards Themselves.
He has been the President and CEO of Silkbank Limited, since October 2008.
He is also a founding father of the Kappa Sigma fraternity at the University of Virginia.
The specific name commemorates one Cecil Crawley, who discovered the first specimen.
Azepines are unsaturated heterocycles of seven atoms, with a nitrogen replacing a carbon at one position.
Field corn and sweet corn, two different types of maize, have relatively similar corn stover.
The list of umpires in the panel are revised every year by the ICC Umpires Selection Panel.
The collated information helps in deciding the allocation of MSTF assets in day-to-day maritime operations and operational responses when required.
Its construction was financed by the People's Republic of China.
It has hundreds of miles of lake arms and coves perfect for boating, water sports, swimming, and fishing.
Sportsnet Magazine was a Canadian bi-weekly sports magazine published by Rogers Media in conjunction with its sports television channel Sportsnet.
The first teams of each group promoted to A1 Ethniki.
Kahoot! is a game-based learning platform, used as educational technology in schools and other educational institutions.
It is now a part of a private residence at the end of Millers Court.
Tricholosporum atroviolaceum is a species of fungus in the Tricholomataceae family.
This business practice requires the brand owner to stay in touch with multiple parties or "network" at once.
The landmark building was demolished in 1963, but architectural elements of the structure remain on the campus of Ryerson University.
The album was released in a limited edition special book and CD, including lyrics and artwork to each song.
He also played with The Hawaiians in the World Football League (WFL) in 1975.
The building was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
Damouzy is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France.
His former company, New World Pictures refused to distribute it, contributing to Corman suing New World.
The school currently has 129 teachers and a student body of 2546 students.
The editorial committee included Reg Appleyard, Geoffrey Bolton, Margaret Medcalf, Tom Stannage, Pamela Statham, and Sandra Taylor.
It is one of the major economical and educational place of Comilla.
Frank Brazier (born 24 February 1934) is a former racing cyclist from Australia.
In addition to racing stock cars, he has also raced snowmobiles.
Joseph Marest was a Jesuit missionary in New France in the late 1600s and early 1700s.
The narrow-lobed leaf blades are borne on petioles up to 3 centimeters long.
He reported and edited for The Charlotte Observer for thirty-four years and has written several books about North Carolina.
In 1990, he had a minor role playing a drummer in a Chong film, Far Out Man.
There are also pre-school programs on-site at many of the schools.
She has contributed vocals to other artists' projects and appeared on the 2017 series of Twin Peaks.
Track 1 on disk 1 is the first track they ever recorded in 1989.
Arizona also has a fictional monogram, the RS for Radiator Springs in the movie Cars.
The station also mixes in occasional 1970s and 1960s big hits.
Rossetti's Compass is a synthpop and EBM music band created in November 2010 by British musician Mark Warner.
Tin Foil Phoenix is a Canadian post-grunge band from Winnipeg.
There are also four lesser known paperback "novella" books intended for older readers.
The interior includes a Norman font and has a Jacobean pulpit from 1634.
Taylor Hobson is now part of Ametek's Ultra Precision Technologies Group.
Mujaguzo, like any other king, has his own palace, officials, servants and palace guards.
The house was a childhood home to the author Laura Ingalls Wilder.
The induction ceremonies were held on July 28 in Cooperstown, with Commissioner Bud Selig presiding.
Helophorus grandis is a species of water scavenger beetle in the family Hydrophilidae.
The final was played at Nishigaoka Soccer Stadium in Tokyo on March 28, 1993.
The artists who created the series represented a wide variety of styles and expertise.
Eberhard was ranked among the top 24 innovators of 2007 by Fortune Magazine.
It contains only one species, Productalius tritaeniellus, which is found in Madagascar.
Powerviolence band Spazz have a song titled "Hardcore Before Mark McCoy Was Emo Semen".
Trichoserixia rondoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Trichoserixia.
The Regent Theater was a heritage-listed cinema and entertainment venue in Sydney, Australia, which was demolished in 1988.
Goshen Township is a township in Muscatine County, Iowa, in the United States.
He represented the League of Ireland 4 times between 1962 and 1967 and was also an amateur cap.
Protests began in Britain in the late 1950s and early 1960s.
The "pre-telecast" ceremony (officially named The Premiere Ceremony) was held on the same day prior to the main ceremony.
It won numerous awards, including several game of the year awards.
The song was a regional hit, and later covered by The Bangles, also for their debut album.
Bactrognathus is an extinct genus of conodonts in the family Bactrognathidae.
Edward College, Pabna is one of the oldest colleges in Bangladesh.
Lucienne N'Da (born 6 July 1965) is an Ivorian retired high jumper and four-time African champion.
A seven-part referendum will be held in Colombia on 26 August 2018.
The movie stars Alice Faye and Don Ameche, and was the film debut for Gypsy Rose Lee.
Union Island was a merchant vessel launched at Bristol in 1794.
The total turnout of the election was 38.01% (51,586 voters of an electorate of 135,729).
The show's instant success is widely credited with the launch of Cyrus's career and her establishment as a teen idol.
The artists were drawn from many genres of popular music.
Soyedina vallicularia, the valley forestfly, is a species of spring stonefly in the family Nemouridae.
Lebia chlorocephala is a species of ground beetles in the Harpalinae subfamily.
In 1971, he joined the faculty at MIT and established the Experimental Music facility in 1973.
United Soccer Ambassador Football Club is a football club based in Gardnersville, Liberia.
Jerome uses the project's title rather than his own name in order to support the concept of anonymity.
He also served as a director for Just for Laughs.
All CD issues contain only the instrumental versions of the songs.
Airy No. 27 School is a historic one-room school built in 1863 in Centreville, New Castle County, Delaware.
Guewenheim (German: Gewenheim) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Connecticut Landmarks is an organization that has restored and operates significant historic house museums in Connecticut.
The opening game of the 2013 International Rules Series took place in Kingspan Breffni in October.
He is a naval Electronics Engineer specialized in naval weapon and training system.
Case served as a pilot in World War II, surviving a mid-air collision over Sardinia and later escaping his captors.
This is observed on the Puni (English Full Moon) day of the month of Pus (Sanskrit Pausha).
The album marked Abreu's first studio album in three years, following her fourth album Rush.
Prior to 1997, the award was presented for Outstanding Individual Achievement in Graphic Design and Title Sequences.
The album features several artists including M.I.A., Akon, Tyga, Robyn, and Porcelain Black.
His first book of motets, Sacrae cantiones, was published in 1612.
For the full list of his publications visit [1] or his lab webpage.
For MP3 compression the open source LAME encoder is used.
Goldschmidt was born in London, but grew up in Vienna leaving at the age of 16 to return to London.
Pine Lake is a town in Oneida County, Wisconsin, United States.
Tim Davey (born 16 September 1987) is an Australian cricketer.
The county seat is Stanton, and the largest city is Greenville.
Acanthostichus bentoni is a species of ant belonging to the Acanthostichus genus.
Mills first learned guitar before picking up drums when he was ten years old.
It is based on the traditional folk story of William Tell.
In other versions the opposite occurs: the contract imposes restrictions upon individuals that curtail their natural rights.
While it's nowhere near as good as "Roaches", it's still alright.
When Sam dies he becomes caught between the real world and the next.
The name is derived from the citadel, lending its name to the entire island.
In the second method both the salt and the sediment are moving, making it more likely to migrate.
The district has had two incarnations, the first from 1962 to 1973, the second from 1988 to the present.
From 1960 to 1969, Snapper Carr appeared as a supporting character to the Justice League of America, a superhero team.
It is not useful for detecting central (brain) disorders of balance.
Jaume y Bosch was a Spanish painter who lived most of his life in Montevideo, Uruguay.
The Plant City Union Depot is a historic train depot in Plant City, Florida, United States.
Five Stars for Failure is an EP by Joy Electric.
The paperback and hardcover versions of the series were also redesigned.
An Enemy of the People is a 1958 Australian TV play starring James Condon.
He writes the column Errant Hashtag for the IEEE magazine Computer.
Paraleptophlebia is a genus of mayflies in the family Leptophlebiidae.
Colombier is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
The first issue was published June 1, 2010 and maintained a regular monthly schedule until the September 1, 2012 issue.
The crown corporation, Alberta Educational Communications Corporation (later known as Access), assumed ownership of the station in 1974.
From 2011 the second-generation Ranger has been designed by Ford Australia, with a Mazda derivative sold as the BT-50.
The other high school in St. Charles, MO is St. Charles West High School.
Complications is an American drama television series created by Matt Nix.
The Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSPV-PSOE) gained 3 seats despite decreasing its vote share by 1 point.
The EPC accommodates existing coding schemes and defines new schemes where necessary.
The Bones of Avalon is a novel in first-person narrative mode by Phil Rickman.
The album reached #1 on Amazon.com MP3 album charts on the release date.
He wrote to his father of his visit to the Jesuit priest's "closet of rarities".
David Alexander "Dave" Lamb (born 17 January 1969 in Westminster, London) is an English actor, presenter, comedian, and voice actor.
The album cover art prominently features the members of the band in black and white photographs.
He played in a limited number of events until 2007 when he joined the Champions Tour.
There have been 7 versions of the show in 7 individual languages spoken in the Indian subcontinent.
In contrast to the flagship model, it lacks the second display and second memory card slot.
Michael Bachner (born August 13, 1956) is a criminal defense attorney.
It is organized by Farnborough International Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of ADS Group.
This species is used extensively in the Guangdong and Guangxi province of China to treat scrofula, cough, and diarrhea.
A blowing engine is a large stationary steam engine or internal combustion engine directly coupled to air pumping cylinders.
He was Dean of the School of Architecture of Cairo University.
The trauma ICU is up to its full capacity and patients have started overflowing to the Tower ICU.
He has also received an MBE (Member of the Order of the British Empire) and is a Justice of Peace.
He is currently a lecturer in Creative Writing at the University of Birmingham.
Commercial harvesting is a small-scale industry that faces growing restrictions, but still occurs, in some cases unconstrained.
The company also had significant operations in gold and silver mining, and manufacture of gallium arsenide wafers.
Bend forward from waist toward your partner, facing center, switching arms as you do so.
It was released by Steamhammer Records on 26 August 2016.
The Haile family ancestors include some who served in the American Revolutionary War.
It prefers large temperate forests with a mix of evergreen trees and deciduous under growth.
Founders included Alexander Bowie, Joshua H. Foster, E.D. King, Basil Manly Sr., Washington Moody, and Albert J. Pickett.
Beverly Hills Preparatory School is a college preparatory private school in Beverly Hills, California.
S100 calcium-binding protein A2 (S100A2) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the S100A2 gene.
Alexander Zorich is the collective pen name of two Russo-Ukrainian writers; Yana Botsman and Dmitry Gordevsky.
It is colored greenish gray and leaves a gray streak.
Malling is a locality in the Toowoomba Region, Queensland, Australia.
Dortches is a town in Nash County, North Carolina, United States.
Kissel, a resident of Enfield, represents East Granby, Enfield, Granby, Somers, Suffield, Windsor, and Windsor Locks in the Connecticut Senate.
This is an A-Z list of films produced in Morocco.
Phragmiticola is a genus of fungi in the Helotiales order.
Sacha Lancaster (born March 29, 1979) is a former gridiron football player.
Buccinum finmarkianum is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.
In September 2015 she was selected as Player of the Month in the Division de Honor Femenina in Spain.
In addition, he made cover artwork for a few albums, including Scum by Napalm Death.
Taylor Mikael McNamara (born December 4, 1987) is a Canadian soccer player who plays for Oakville Blue Devils.
From 1981 to 1984 and then again from 1989 to 1990 he was on the first-class umpires list.
Condensation during the G2 phase yields long chromosomes with two chromatids.
In 1977, Barbra Streisand recorded "Don't Believe It" with mostly different lyrics for her album Superman.
The K-tool is a tool used by many fire departments for forcible entry.
Ksenija Il'chenko Parubets (born 31 October 1994) is a Russian female volleyball player, playing as an outside-spiker.
Basford is a tram station on Nottingham Express Transit (NET), in the city of Nottingham suburb of Basford.
T. King was a Vermont Republican politician who served as Auditor of Accounts.
Askomill House, also known as Askomull House, was a fortified house north east of Campbeltown, Kintyre, Argyll and Bute, Scotland.
The company specializes in the cultivation and processing of sugarcane and fruit, such as apples, papayas, pineapples and others.
Farnsworth "Dex" Dexter is a fictional character on the ABC prime time soap opera Dynasty.
It was released on 15 November 2008 on Whack Records as a CD single and digital download.
The size of a Tiger hash value is 192 bits.
Most of cargo operations take place between a ship and a land-based terminal.
Francesco Tarducci, better known as Nesly Rice or Nesli, is an Italian singer and music producer for Teste Mobili Records.
Mambasa is a town in the Ituri Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the headquarters of Mambasa Territory.
American Metal Company was an American nonferrous metal trading and production company.
The ventral spinocerebellar tract conveys proprioceptive information from the body to the cerebellum.
A Tribute to the Priest (2002) is a tribute album for Judas Priest.
But the Hardys soon realize that the castle next door is supposedly haunted.
It was released by Warner Bros. in July 7, 1934.
The Center consists of the following: Hilton Coliseum, Stephens Auditorium, Fisher Theater, Scheman Building, and Jack Trice Stadium.
Her feature film debut, Jean of the Joneses, premiered at the SXSW Film Festival in 2016.
The class is also known as the Standard Flex 300 or SF300 class.
The company is specialized in industrial design, user interface design, and mechanical engineering.
The courthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 19, 2007.
Lares was a city of Roman Africa, located at modern Henchir Lorbeus, Tunisia.
Brewer (1866-1919) was an American attorney, newspaper publisher, and political activist.
The publication was published in Chicago and ran until 1967.
Play media Suction is the flow of a fluid into a partial vacuum, or region of low pressure.
Minicephalus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Group N was introduced by the FIA in 1982 to replace the outgoing Group 1 as "standard touring cars".
The player controls a jet flying through several different states in America shooting different enemies.
Top Gear Australia Magazine was a car magazine published by Bauer Media Group.
Skyliner is an American heavy metal band hailing from Jacksonville, Florida.
It was described by mycologist Josef Adolf von Arx in 1971.
Groups of diploblastic animals alive today include jellyfish, corals, sea anemones and comb jellies.
It is intended for use for Java multiplayer online games.
Bonus Bait is a compilation album by British musician and DJ Andrew "Mr. Scruff" Carthy.
The award was established in 1987 and named after Johnny Unitas, who was nicknamed "The Golden Arm".
The Civic United Front (CUF; Kiswahili: Chama Cha Wananchi) is a liberal party in Tanzania.
The interspaces between the first and third postmedian lines are very pale.
Further education colleges offer courses for adult learners, including some academic qualifications, but mainly vocational studies and work-based learning.
The first woman to receive the award was Mary L. Good in 1991.
He is also in charge of many pressure groups and protests of the pro-democracy camp.
1964 Commonwealth Prime Ministers' Conference was the thirteenth Meeting of the Heads of Government of the Commonwealth of Nations.
This is unfortunate as it causes the spread of misinformation.
She married in 1940 and was later unwilling to talk about her time as a model.
The Association also acts as the voice of real estate in Nova Scotia.
Pterotrichina elegans is a species of spiders in the Gnaphosidae family.
Graziella is a 1954 Italian historical melodrama film directed by Giorgio Bianchi and starring Maria Fiore and Jean-Pierre Mocky.
J. Geils Band is the self-titled debut album by American rock band the J. Geils Band, released in 1970.
It lies at the edge of Jharia Coalfield and serves Bokaro Steel City, and the surrounding mining-industrial area.
Nipawin is a town in north-east Saskatchewan, Canada, on the Saskatchewan River portion of Tobin Lake.
In 1982 it produced the cartoon Jesus Kristus & Co., depicting Jesus, which stirred considerable controversy.
Cameo appearances were made by model Jesus Luz and in an alternative video by her daughter Lourdes.
Prior to 2007, it was an all talk format, in its most recent incarnation as a liberal talk station.
All mono mixes of the five songs duplicated from the United Artists soundtrack album are identical on both releases.
Aulogymnus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
The event made its debut in the 2014 season, at the Estering circuit in the town of Buxtehude, Lower Saxony.
Snider is an unincorporated community in Preston County, West Virginia.
She lives in Los Angeles, California and hosts Sex & Relationships on CurrentTV.
Examples of Engineering Plans include pole engineering analysis and Storm Water Prevention Programs (SWPP).
In the 2001 census, the village had a population of 337.
Brissopsis zealandiae was first scientifically described in 1921 by Ole Theodor Jensen Mortensen.
The reference implementation is released as free software under the terms of a BSD license.
Way is the self-titled debut album by Adelitas Way, released on July 14, 2009.
He went to night school to earn a college degree.
It is closely related to its eastern neighbors Binbinka, Gudanji and Wambaya.
The final medal tally was led by Sarawak, followed by Johor and Malacca with host Pahang in sixth place.
The album was released on August 11, 2017 through Fat Wreck Chords on CD and LP.
Thylactus angularis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
The trombonium is an instrument formerly manufactured by H.N. White Company and Conn-Selmer.
The race was a grade three race from 1985 through 2000.
Land management continues to be the main issue for this plant.
In 1795 British interests purchased her and named her Walter Boyd.
Participating stores agree to contribute 5 to 20% of the price of a purchase.
Gayatri Shah was the nominated parliamentary leader of the party.
From series 5 onward, the episodes were filmed in color.
Vion became a world champion in the combined event in Schladming in 1982.
Jon Jon is a graduate of Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, California.
Laing is an unincorporated community in Kanawha County, West Virginia, United States, along Cabin Creek.
Its stated goal is to provide access to energy to 100 million people in the region by 2015.
Between 1926 and 1931 they recorded 88 sides for Columbia.
The Council also called upon all states to refrain or desist from intervening in the domestic affairs of the DRC.
Ormiston Sir Stanley Matthews Academy was officially opened in May 2014 by HRH The Duke of Gloucester, KG GCVO.
In the 2016 census, there were no people living in South Trees.
In 1875, Carter accepted an appointment as school master at Gwalla (now Northampton).
The guest star also often participates in backstage vignettes with members of the WWE roster.
The group toured with the Preservation Hall Jazz Band in 2007 and 2008.The Bingo!
Love Coats were an acoustic rock/pop music group formed in Huntington, West Virginia in August 2004.
They have a second monoclonal antibody drug for migraine, ALD-1910, currently in pre-clinical development.
The Chinese high fin banded shark (Myxocyprinus asiaticus) (family Catostomidae) has a single row of pharyngeal teeth with comb-like arrangements.
My Super Psycho Sweet 16: Part 3 is a 2012 American teen horror slasher film directed by Jacob Gentry.
The artwork was a collaborative effort between Aaron Turner and Faith Coloccia.
Jawala Bazar is a major village in Aundha Nagnath tehsil of Hingoli district in Maharashtra state of India.
The title was retired on March 22, 2008, after being unified with the FCW Florida Heavyweight Championship.
The band also played 3 dates in June 2009, in support of Metallica.
Steven Paul Lewington (born 25 February 1983) is an English professional wrestler.
U.S. Route 9 passes through the town, which is immediately west of Interstate 87 (The Northway).
Yvon Pierre Lambert (born May 20, 1950) is a Canadian retired ice hockey forward.
In 1963 the palazzo, and most memorably its ballroom, were the setting for Luchino Visconti's film' Il Gattopardo (The Leopard).
Protapamea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
It is intended to modernize customs procedures, entered into force on 1 May 2016.
He spent his career as a Danish Superliga referee from 2008.
She is currently a professor in the Department of Physics and Astronomy at Northern Arizona University (NAU).
Chadwell was the son of William Chadwell, of Broadwell, Gloucestershire.
It was Stewart's first victory of the season, his first at Talladega Superspeedway, and the 33rd of his career.
CNN listed it as the 52nd best place to live in America in 2005.
A Natural Progression is the debut studio album by Sherbet released in 1972.
The site was listed in the National Register July 8, 1999.
After the Mercian defeat at Winwaed, Aethelwald lost power and Oswiu's own son, Alchfrith, became king in his place.
The interior of the crater is rugged and irregular, with a central ridge formation at the midpoint.
Avro Avian was a series of British light aircraft designed and built by Avro in the 1920s and 1930s.
Can Say That Again is a thriller novel written by British author James Hadley Chase.
Upper Glastonbury is a locality in the Gympie Region, Queensland, Australia.
Rooted in a religious schism in contemporary times, it has taken on a strong ethnic dimension.
Anne Pankowski (born November 4, 1994) is an American women's ice hockey player who currently competes for the Wisconsin Badgers.
The album was released on Rykodisc on June 8, 1999.
He was head coach of the Greater Sydney Rams for the inaugural season of Australia's National Rugby Championship in 2014.
Elmlea Meadows (grid reference SU079948) is a 6.9-hectare (17-acre) biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1989.
As a result he earned the title of "the Scottish Hogarth".
Ray Sasaki (born October 22, 1948) is an American trumpeter.
Mississippi and Illinois were admitted as states during the 15th Congress.
Azotobacter vinelandii is Gram-negative diazotroph that can fix nitrogen while grown aerobically.
The Nevada Department of Public Safety (NDPS) is a governmental agency in the U.S. state of Nevada.
The school focuses on academics while also emphasizing extracurricular activities such as athletics, the arts, clubs, and community involvement.
Agathuru is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
Serik Mirbekov (born 9 June 1988) is an Uzbekistani sprint canoer.
Established in 1895, the town's last burial occurred in 1914, and it has remained unoccupied since.
According to Ruth Wallis is a musical revue with lyrics and music by 1950s and 1960s star Ruth Wallis.
The Report was later filmed in 1928 and kicked off a second career for Benchley in Hollywood.
Yusuf Rabiev (born 24 May 1976) is a former Tajik International professional footballer, and current Istiklol Youth Team coach.
For many years he worked for the national Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter until he stopped there in 2003.
The complete and substantial collection of credit data, may be finished closer to end of 2016 or early 2017.
It is set in ancient China, during the Han Dynasty, and continues the story of Ping, slave girl turned dragonkeeper.
He also voices one of the Hatchlings in The Angry Birds Movie.
Dragseth made his debut in 1980 with his collection of poems titled "Offerfesten".
Gary now works as the Director of Cricket at *Bedford School.
Hatch Lake is a lake in Rice County, in the U.S. state of Minnesota.
They belong to Indo-Aryan group said to be the originator of mankind.
Known for their strong live performances, they maintain a cult following across Ireland.
It was filmed in and around Dover, Kent, and Tonbridge, Kent.
Buddies (stylized as buddies) is a remix album by the Japanese hip-hop groups Lead, w-inds and FLAME.
He also makes a cameo appearance in the music video.
Microglyphis japonica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ringiculidae.
In 2017, Cash was named the Director of franchise development for the New York Liberty.
Born in Utica, Mississippi, he played collegiately for Texas Southern University.
Henry II (origin and ancestry unknown; died 3 September 1063) was Bishop of Augsburg from 1047 to 1063.
The elections were a fierce contest between two socialist parties, the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) and Awami League.
It is the home of Ravshan Kulob of the Tajik League.
The label was a part of the Dreyfus family company owned by Dreyfus Records, French music distributor.
Among the members of the church were a number of other well-known KKK members.
KSPD (790 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian talk and teaching format, licensed to Boise, Idaho, United States.
It participated in the Second Punic War against the Roman Republic.
The Port Madison-Suquamish-Poulsbo route was a shipping route that originated from Seattle, Washington.
The genus is monotypic; the sole species is Burkillia cornuta.
The Articles formed a war-time confederation of states, with an extremely limited central government.
The Fluvanna County militia was a component of the Virginia militia during the American Revolutionary War.
When the line connected to Granton, the company name was changed to the Edinburgh, Leith and Granton Railway.
It is also known as a "monsoonshield" or a "rain visor" (in countries without monsoon).
Peter John Dixon (born 30 April 1944) is a former England international rugby union player.
Poulin was awarded the Goaltender of the Year Award in the 2012 NLL season.
Duppy Gun releases feature collaborations from American experimental electronic artists and Jamaican singers.
He is known as the host of the MTV show Pimp My Ride, which brought him mainstream success.
Choricystis is a genus of green algae in the class Trebouxiophyceae.
Chakin' is a compilation album by Shit and Shine, released on 10 February 2015 by Astral Spirits.
Puig was attending Hillsborough High School in Tampa, Florida when he was drafted.
A common name for the plants in this genus is upright chickweeds.
The 1864 Democratic National Convention was held at The Amphitheater in Chicago, Illinois.
Every SPCA has its own governing policies, financial reports, board of directors, and organizational goals.
Born in Lahore, Pakistan, Bhatti immigrated to France in 1976, where he established himself as fashion designer.
He signed for Derbyshire in October 2008 after his Warwickshire contract was canceled by mutual consent.
These regulators work to enhance or silence the expression of genes.
The novel was generally well received, but, unlike its predecessor, received no awards.
Christiania Torv is a tramway station on the Oslo Tramway.
Baspa Valley is a river valley that is said to be named after the Baspa River.
He was re-elected by large margins in 2004 and 2006.
The whole ride is themed after a logging expedition through Polynesia.
For more than thirty years, Indian Mall was the only shopping center serving Northeast Arkansas.
It was released on September 25, 2012 on Season of Mist.
Williams has also played for the Wales Sevens team, and so far has played in nine tournaments.
It was produced during David's exile in Brussels for the patron and collector Gian Battista Sommariva.
The editor-in-chief is Richard J. Kelly (University of California, Irvine).
WCF is a rimmed, bottleneck centerfire rifle cartridge introduced in 1895 for the Winchester 1895 lever-action rifle.
Loudness compensation is a setting found on some hi-fi equipment that increases the level of the high and low frequencies.
Their entry was selected through the national competition Uuden Musiikin Kilpailu (UMK), organized by the Finnish broadcaster Yleisradio (Yle).
The event determined the champion of the West Coast Conference for the 2005 NCAA Division I baseball season.
He is currently the pitching coach for the Colorado Springs Sky Sox.
Modal metaphysics is a branch of philosophy that investigates the metaphysics underlying statements about possible or a-priori statements.
Carlo Ljubek (born May 21, 1976 in Bocholt, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German actor.
Not all temporary employees find jobs through a temporary employment agency.
There was a church in the village during the 12th century which was replaced by the present building.
Microsoft Studios also manages internal and external distribution/webcast hosting for both live and on-demand events and productions.
This arcade game is for up to three players simultaneously.
The show also included new characters such as Teyla Emmagan and John Sheppard.
Tottenham Lane is a street in Crouch End and Hornsey in the London Borough of Haringey.
The newer Quadras had the addition of interleaved RAM, as well as an enhanced video system and SCSI bus.
Its first editor-in-chief was Stephen Sternberg (Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center); the current editor-in-chief is Stacey Mills (University of Virginia).
Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow is the first greatest hits compilation by American rapper E-40.
Antillophos gemmulifer is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.
It is one of the stations mentioned in Cliff Hanley's song The Glasgow Underground.
Wonderly is a Multi Channel Network (MCN) that focuses on female content creators.
It was established with the current structure in 1995 and now operates 11 regional divisions.
He is sometimes confused with his uncle, Ulick Burke of Annaghkeen.
In Sub-Saharan Africa, access to potable water ranged from 40% to 80% of the population.
Upon his death in 1590, she inherited his pharmacy and the task of providing pharmacies to the Sacra Infermeria.
Included in the portfolio are a number of shopping centers and hotels.
Plokta has been nominated nine times for a Hugo Award for Best Fanzine, and won in 2005 and 2006.
He currently holds the record for highest punching power ever measured by the UFC, at 129,161 units.
Cremastocheilus mexicanus is a species of scarab beetle in the family Scarabaeidae.
It served the MBTA Commuter Rail Fitchburg Line and was located in the West Acton village.
ELFIN carries a fluxgate magnetometer as well as two energetic particle detectors: one for ions and one for electrons.
The suffix identifies the Source Four PAR as a parabolic aluminized reflector (PAR).
The film was released into theaters on October 17, 2014 by Five & Two Pictures.
Currently he is playing the role of Madhav in Star Plus' Meri Durga.
Tatankaceratops was described by Christopher J. Ott and Peter L. Larson in 2010 and the type species is Tatankaceratops sacrisonorum.
It also made #8 on the Dance/Electronic Albums Billboard chart in the United States.
Researchers also collect data on site vegetation, soil, trace gas fluxes, hydrology, and meteorological characteristics at the tower sites.
Ministry of Industry and Trade is the ministry that is responsible for industry and trade in Somalia.
The additional revenue enabled the station to pay nominal salaries to several student staff members.
It can grow up to 1.5 meters in length and preys on rodents and lizards.
Trevor Andrews (born May 21, 1990 in Bemidji, Minnesota) is an American curler.
They can be found alone or in bunches together forming a slimy layer.
It is based in Milan, Via Gerolamo Morone n. 6.
Citrix Receiver is the client component of XenDesktop and XenApp, developed by Citrix Systems.
Omar Walcott (born 24 July 1965) is a Venezuelan former basketball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Peter Clohessy (born 22 March 1966) is a former Irish rugby union footballer.
Power of the Pen is an interscholastic writing league founded by Lorraine B. Merrill in 1986.
Miller also produced the 1924 film A Pair of Hellions.
This List covers the locomotives and railbuses of the Bavarian railways, excluding those of the Palatinate (Pfalz).
It created a network of 10 organizations, based in the big towns.
Aigalkurve is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
In this role Murphy has overall responsibility for Fidelity's retail brokerage, mutual fund, IRA, insurance and managed accounts businesses.
The magazine's first editor was John Wegg, who left Airliners to found Airways Magazine in 1994.
It is a National University College with the college code is 2801.
Further down the A91 the road runs adjacent to the major A-road, the A92.
Catholic New World is the official newspaper of the Archdiocese of Chicago.
The current coach for the Lady Volunteer's is Judi Pavon who began in 2000.
17 (seventeen) is the natural number following 16 and preceding 18.
These divisions have proved remarkably enduring, even through several seismic changes in the taxonomy of dinosaurs.
The album features various skits from Mike Muir as the character Sarsippius, the title character of the album.
DNA Songs is a songwriting and production company founded by Anthony Egizii and David Musumeci in Australia in 2004.
Rankin has previously played for Ross County, Inverness Caledonian Thistle, Hibernian, Dundee United, Falkirk and Queen of the South.
Currently the chairman of TCB is Brigadier General Abu Saleh Md Golam Ambia, PBGM, ndc, afwc, psc.
All the Love is the seventh studio album by American deathrock band Christian Death, released through Jungle Records in 1989.
Despite the name, the game is an amalgamation of various elements of the 19XX series.
At the same time, she was introduced to the Kaftariya Sufi order, which was a subbranch of the Naqshbandi-Mujaddidi-Khalidi-tradition.
Archiv der Mathematik is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by Springer, established in 1948.
The village is one of the smallest in the U.S. having a population of 2.
About 40 other workers were able to dig their way through rubble and escape.
As the number of resources increased these headings were divided into subheadings as necessary.
Convex 4-polytopes can be cut and unfolded as nets in 3-space.
Brazil successfully defended their title by again beating Spain, in consecutive finals.
It displays revolving 3D animations or special video sequences inside a four-sided transparent pyramid.
Salalah International School is privately owned and operated by an independent school board.
The church's reading room is located on Fayetteville Street in downtown Raleigh.
Datil is a census-designated place in Catron County, New Mexico, United States.
Vanguard anime, and is a new story roughly based on the Cardfight!
The effort has focused on changes observed during the period of instrumental temperature record, particularly in the last 50 years.
In New York City, the corporation counsel prosecutes juvenile delinquency proceedings.
Leptostylus obscurellus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family.
Cam's Card Shark (foaled 1991) is an American champion standardbred horse.
Unlike other swallowtail butterflies, spicebushes fly low to the ground instead of at great heights.
Rock View is an unincorporated community in Wyoming County, West Virginia, United States.
It is located on the slopes of the Apuan Alps, overlooking the plain of Luni.
He also was the artist who created the paintings used in the television horror anthology series Night Gallery.
As such, it was an early experiment on the road to manned flight.
Closely related genera seem to be Argyrophora, Hebdomophruda, Microligia and Pseudomaenas.
This short story explores Ibsen's idea of a life-sustaining lie.
George Robert Blakey (born January 7, 1936, in Burlington, North Carolina) is an American attorney and law professor.
Some of her latest watercolors are the result of this approach.
The party formed another coalition with the Nationals that took power in 1996 but was defeated in 1998.
He entered provincial politics in the 1984 election, winning the Cumberland West riding by 658 votes.
It was released in the United States on November 14, 2006, with Australian and European releases shortly afterwards.
Jones devoted his life to helping others realize their goals.
The song reached #18 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and topped the Billboard Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks chart,.
Jeanne Brooks-Gunn (born 1946, in Bethesda, Maryland) is an American developmental psychologist and professor.
Maribo is a Danish semi-hard cheese made from cow's milk.
Following the 1969 coup d'etat which brought Muammar Gaddafi to power, the government established the Union of Libyan Writers.
The only remnant of the juice bar is the banana in Tipitina's logo.
It stars Octavia Spencer, Luke Evans, Juliette Lewis, Missi Pyle and Allison Janney.
Anal is written in the Latin script, with a literacy rate of about 74%.
Frohmiller would become the first woman to be nominated by any party for governor in Arizona.
The tenement of Rame has for generations been in the possession of the Williams family of Scorrier.
It reached number 11 on the Canadian AC chart and number six on the U.S. chart.
He also produces music under the alias of Joint Operations Center, Mannix, Henrik Zuberstein and Stenna.
Their daughter was the Hasmonean Mariamne and son was Aristobulus III.
The 35,000 page survey is being published in 50 volumes.
It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is a Mississippi Landmark.
Ilsanjo is a man-made lake located in Annadel State Park east of Santa Rosa in Sonoma County, California, United States.
North Lombard Transit Center is a light rail station on the MAX Yellow Line in Portland, Oregon.
The title is also used to designate those branch personnel who act in a supervisory capacity.
The village of Saint-Pierre-de-Clages is also known as the Swiss book town with an annual book festival.
The building of the church started in 1232, and was completed in 1784.
Bayat is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
It has been rehabilitated and converted entirely into housing units.
Ravana Brahma is a 1986 Telugu action drama film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao and produced by Vadde Ramesh.
During the early 2000s some of the books were reissued with cover illustrations by Nathan Hale.
It has airline flights and general aviation and glider activities.
Their film Encounters at the End of the World was nominated for the Academy Award 2009.
To the west sits volcano Three Fingered Jack, between Mount Washington to the South and Mount Jefferson to the North.
The ride's story centered on a first-person adventure in pursuit of Biff Tannen through time.
Chong holds a Master's degree in Human Rights and Democratization.
Wickham is an unincorporated community in Raleigh County, West Virginia, United States.
A spin-off program was The Longines Choraliers which aired on CBS from March 13, 1949, to April 22, 1955.
Unlike most written Yi languages, Nasu proper uses the Pollard (Miao) script.
Nationwide Airlines (Zambia) Limited was a scheduled, domestic, passenger airline based in Zambia.
She has won four Grammy Awards from her 21 nominations, including Best R&B Album.
In October 2017 the show celebrated its 45th anniversary on the air.
The Calvert index is used by many so-called socially responsible mutual funds as a benchmark for their performance.
Linn also pioneered a scenery finishing technique known as zip texturing which is widely used.
Regina Coeli Church is a Roman Catholic church that was founded in 1862 in Hyde Park, NY.
The dam was purchased during the summer of 2005 by Infinity Holdings, a real-estate development company in the Boston area.
On August 31, 1999, the VisualWorks product was sold to Cincom.
In construction, a sleeve is used both by the electrical and mechanical trades to create a penetration.
Actress Diane Lane presented Wright with the award on December 17, 2017, at the 11th annual ceremony in New York.
The Weston Democrat is a newspaper serving the Weston, West Virginia community.
It is located to the southwest of the crater Boguslawsky, and southeast of Simpelius.
Contromelisia is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
These organizations, and consequently ALGAO, were centered on England and Wales.
A cable of optical fibers, possibly concatenated into a dark fiber link, is the simplest form of an optical link.
Trading parliamentary employment for favors is a modern-day example of nepotism.
The following is a list of current Indian Super League franchise owners.
He was succeeded as Archbishop by Stanley Ntagali, who was consecrated in December 2012.
Anna Eames (born October 1, 1990 in Robbinsdale, Minnesota) is an American swimmer.
According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 30,955 people.
Kahn won a MacArthur Foundation "genius grant" fellowship in 2003, and the National Design Award for environmental design in 2005.
He served as secretary and treasurer of the Kentucky & Indiana Bridge Company from 1889 through 1894.
Kikulwe Mawuba was Kabaka of the Kingdom of Buganda between 1736 and 1738.
Charlie Alexander Anderson (born December 8, 1981 in Jackson, Mississippi) is a former American football linebacker.
He began his youth career at Glenavon Academy, making appearances for the Northern Ireland U-17 in 2008.
She is best known for portraying Erica Goldberg on the ABC comedy series The Goldbergs.
The gleefully overwrought longplayer was in part self-produced by Vaganza, with their friend and engineer Greg Frey also producing.
If B tries to coerce payment, B is an officious intermeddler.
Rosslyn is a town and a locality on the Capricorn Coast in the Shire of Livingstone, Queensland, Australia.
He appeared at the Melbourne comedy festival in 1999 and 2000, winning a Stella Artois award for the former appearance.
Phyllophaga bipartita is a species of scarab beetle in the family Scarabaeidae.
Clearfield is a city in Taylor and Ringgold counties in the U.S. state of Iowa.
Orange Swirl is a 1998 album by instrumental rock solo artist Andy Timmons.
It was originally released as a part of the "Rainbow Parade" series, produced by Van Beuren Studios.
This tamarind tree has many names including Thoonga Puli, Sanjeevi tree.
He was a member of the Dutch field hockey team, which won the silver medal.
Vieira's drawings were published in Untitled Book (Geometry + Democracy) by Evil Twin Publications.
Indian Depository Receipt (IDR) is a financial instrument denominated in Indian Rupees in the form of a depository receipt.
Her second novel, If I Could Tell You, was published by Fig Tree Penguin in February 2016.
The album was released digitally on November 25, 2013, with physical copies being released the following year.
Employees of the Ohio Credit Unions are providing expertise and sharing technologies with Bolivian credit unions.
Founded by Albert Levi Burt, it began reprinting home reference works, before expanding into the field of children's books.
It is located at the foot of Trig Hill which is 2 kilometers away from the city.
She is perhaps best known as Playboy's Playmate of the Month for August 1954.
Professor Ian Alexander Shanks OBE FRS FRSE FREng FRSA (born 22 June 1948) is a Scottish scientist.
He was an academic in Nigerian universities for over 25 years.
Captain Pinckney left the property to his daughter, Josephine Pinckney, and she in turn left it to her half-brother's children.
Speakers have shifted to Chagga, a dominant regional Bantu language.
This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Tyrrell County, North Carolina.
On 5 August 2010, Warner Bros. Television secured a 55.75% stake in Shed Media.
It was established in 2003 as tripleC: Cognition, Communication, Cooperation.
The land surrounding a bay often reduces the strength of winds and blocks waves.
Abdullah is part of the Haqqani Network, a powerful branch of the Taliban.
Adinotec AG is a German provider of road construction technology based in Munich, Bavaria, Germany.
Jane J Herlong is an American humorist, author, speaker and the winner of the Miss South Carolina 1979 pageant.
Peis was better known in Sardinia for his humble demeanor coupled with his concern for those who were poor.
The two singles released outside the United States were successful, charting within the top ten and top forty respectively.
Kalmar Municipality (Kalmar kommun) is a municipality in Kalmar County, southeastern Sweden.
The chamber has elaborate plasterwork, brass chandeliers and decorative carvings on oak benches.
One time the Indians set a grass fire in an apparent attempt to burn out the white settlers.
The church was added to the National Register in 1970.
Prospectville is located at the intersection of Pennsylvania Route 152 and Pennsylvania Route 463.
One critic finds a "nightmarish quality" in the tale reflected in Mrs. Tittlemouse's almost endless war waged against insect pests.
He was selected by the Atlanta Hawks with the 59th overall pick (third round) of the 1985 NBA Draft.
AAR members are university and college professors, independent scholars, secondary teachers, clergy, seminarians, students, and interested lay-people.
Ping Shan Central constituency is loosely based on central part of Ping Shan with estimated population of 20,104.
It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since November 17, 1982.
Darmstadt Nord (north) station is a junction station the city of Darmstadt in the German state of Hesse.
The streets were full of activities as the different communities had started to take root in their own settlements.
Metros (and other railway systems) are able to improve headways while maintaining or even improving safety.
Since 1975, he has been married to Fiona Elizabeth Morrison, daughter of the 2nd Baron Margadale.
The Brezoaia River is a tributary of the Oituz River in Romania.
It is the last collaboration between Barboni and Bud Spencer.
As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,068 and it contained 483 housing units.
The 36th Biathlon World Championships were held in 2001 for the second time in Pokljuka, Slovenia.
The group toured heavily in the early 1970s, becoming very popular both in the US and abroad.
The song, written by Ric Ocasek, appeared on the band's fifth studio album Heartbeat City as the closing track.
She also played cricket for Western Counties Women's cricket team.
Unaiuba bruchi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
She has released three albums and has also written her autobiography entitled Survivre aux naufrages published in 2011.
Lonely Road is a novel by British author Nevil Shute.
Euglandina cumingi is a species of predatory air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Spiraxidae.
The poem consists of thirteen short, separate sections, each of which mentions blackbirds in some way.
The walk of fame seeks to highlight individuals that have made contributions to innovation in the global business community.
Safety engineering is an engineering discipline which assures that engineered systems provide acceptable levels of safety.
Zerzertal is a side valley of the Vinschgau in South Tyrol, Italy.
Han Ji-min (born November 5, 1982) is a South Korean actress.
It was also the primary command structure of the Department of Northern Virginia.
The term "sexy prime" is a pun stemming from the Latin word for six: sex.
The University of Edgestow is a fictional university which appears in the novel That Hideous Strength by C. S. Lewis.
Heart and Soul is the debut album from X Factor winner Steve Brookstein, released on 9 May 2005.
Situated in the southern Adelaide suburb of Hallett Cove, it is 21.4 kilometers from Adelaide station.
By 1998, the NAD 3020 had become the most well known and best-selling audio amplifier in history.
Margaritiflabellum is a genus of problematic Ediacaran fossil from the Russian White Sea region.
Late in his life he lived in Germany, still active as a performer.
Espeland & Sauder (2007) took a reactivity lens to investigate how rankings of educational institutions change expectations and permeate institutions.
It started in 1878 as Rajput Boarding House for education and upliftment of Rajputs of India.
The sixth to tenth levels are controlled by regional associations.
In Round 3 of 2011, Blair kicked a career-high 5 goals against Carlton.
USA Powerlifting (USAPL) is the national affiliate for the International Powerlifting Federation (IPF) in the United States.
This article details the awards and nominations awarded to Indian film composer trio Shankar Ehsaan Loy.
The Junggar basin in Xinjiang, China is also part of Kazakhstania, though sometimes referred to as the Junggar Block.
Anacronicta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
Damien Piqueras (born 29 August 1991) is a French lightweight rower.
Kedah Highway, Federal Route 78, is a major highway in Kedah, Malaysia.
Other common pathological conditions that are treated by spinal fusion include spinal stenosis, spondylolisthesis, spondylosis, spinal fractures, scoliosis, and kyphosis.
He played with his brothers Stephen and Eddie at intercounty and club level.
Some activities tend to have the effect of limiting the ability of established ones to continue.
The Reformed Churches of Myanmar is a member of the Reformed and Presbyterian Fellowship in Myanmar.
The leaves are up to 26 centimeters long and rough-haired along the margins.
Leonard invited Senator Kennedy to address the students at All Hallows while he was on a trip to Ireland.
The Harrogate Bus Company is a bus operator based in Harrogate, North Yorkshire.
It served the inner-northern suburbs of Parkville, Carlton North, Fitzroy North, and Fitzroy.
Herries was summoned to the Scottish Parliament as Lord Herries of Terregles in 1490.
Lesser influences came from France, the United Kingdom, Italy, Portugal, Germany, Ireland, Malta and the Netherlands.
It is found in Hungary, Romania, Ukraine, southern Russia and Mongolia.
Armin Helfer (born May 31, 1980) is an Italian professional ice hockey defenceman.
The Irish Organic Farmers and Growers Association (IOFGA) certifies organic food and products throughout the island of Ireland.
The Majlis Amanah Rakyat (Malay: People's Trust Council, commonly abbreviated as MARA), is a Malaysian government agency.
Hoxton Park is a suburb of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.
Simon Sandberg (born 25 March 1994) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a defender for Hammarby IF in Allsvenskan.
Born at Barmedman, New South Wales, Jack Wedgwood played three seasons with the St George Dragons between 1939-1941.
Death Weekend (released in the USA under the title The House by the Lake) is a 1976 Canadian horror/thriller film.
In 2017, merged with Crawley College (formerly Central Sussex College) creating the largest college group in Sussex.
The Watertown Public Opinion is a six-day daily newspaper published in Watertown.
He is also an honorary Professor of Social Psychology at the University of Kent in the UK.
On the self-titled Strapping Young Lad, keyboards were mainly performed by Will Campagne.
Melaleuca similis is a plant in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae and is endemic to the south west of Western Australia.
A nature reserve, it is leased and managed by the Island Conservation Society of Seychelles.
An ARM port was merged during the 3.9 kernel merge window.
In the music video for "Sea Song," the opening title card reads "For Rob."
Wednesdays it is the Midweek Nation and Fridays the Weekend Nation.
Wine grapes are also grown at higher elevations, such as Atlas Peak and Mount Veeder AVAs.
The poster made Clark, a bar owner in Goose Hollow at the time, a household name.
East called the decision by UK Athletics "crazy" and "shortsighted."
Initially, the production was to feature Kate Hudson as Griet with Mike Newell directing.
The group takes its name from Liber Seregni, founder of the Frente Amplio.
Hall was shot dead on 5 May 1865 near Forbes, New South Wales .
The examination board Edexcel offers its own version, the Edexcel International GCSE.
No Funkadelic recordings from any other record labels or time periods are included.
Vincent Goes Ahead Jr. is an American politician and Crow Nation tribal leader of Montana.
Prior to playing professionally, he played for Calallen High School and Baylor University.
The Telcordia LERG Routing Guide is a comprehensive data product produced monthly by the Telcordia Routing Administration (TRA).
Prison Officer David Black was killed on 1 November 2012 by the New IRA.
It has been extirpated from Kansas and Tennessee and it is rare throughout most of the rest of its range.
Its nearest town is Amesbury, six miles away to the south east.
Wales Emmons was a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Reta's grief over her daughter's state makes her very inwardly focussed on the process of writing.
Frankenstein's Aunt (Swedish: Frankensteins faster) is a novel by Allan Rune Pettersson that was first published in Sweden in 1978.
Mario Bilen (born 23 January 1985 in Vinkovci, Croatia) is a Croatian footballer, currently playing for Auckland City FC.
He leads change management, culture and leadership development mandates in the corporate sector.
It will eventually extend further south, reconnecting to U.S. Route 65.
The San Antonio Conservation Society (SACS) purchased much of this acreage in 1957 to preserve the area's environment.
Slob is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
The Commission is divided into three divisions: Forestry Commission England, Forestry Commission Scotland, and Forest Research.
Bloom Trail High School is a public high school in Chicago Heights, Illinois, United States.
Seward's Success was a planned community proposed for Point MacKenzie, north of Anchorage, Alaska, United States.
The women's uneven bars competition at the 2016 Summer Olympics was held on 14 August at the HSBC Arena.
Their huts (as recorded by the Spaniards in 1817) were conical wikiups made of rushes or tule thatch.
Fabric 04 is a DJ mix compilation album by Tony Humphries, as part of the Fabric Mix Series.
The shortest term was held by James Skivring Smith, who was interim president for all of two months.
This made up for being bizarrely dropped for the 1957 and 1958 finals.
Shelly's Leg was the first openly operated gay bar in Seattle.
As of 2012 the old palace still stood, but had become derelict, and infested with bats.
From Suburbia was the second album by Spring Heeled Jack.
In 1870 his youngest son died aged 8 of a fever.
It was his first album to be released on RCA Nashville after leaving MCA Nashville, his previous label, in 1999.
The episode was written by Dan O'Shannon & Ilana Wernick and was directed by Michael Spiller.
An expression of this moral criticism is found in Plato's Republic.
Harcy is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France.
The episode is told from the point of view of character Rich Hardbeck.
Donghae Station is a railway station on the Yeongdong Line, the Samcheok Line, the Mukhohang Line, and the Bukpyeong Line.
Some natural hazards can be provoked or affected by anthropogenic processes (e.g. land-use change, drainage and construction).
In 1949/50, she took 9th in the Women's World Chess Championship in Moscow (Ludmila Rudenko won).
It is found in central and southern Argentina and Chile.
Erythroxylum sechellarum is a species of plant in the Erythroxylaceae family.
The content is provided on the ESPN television networks, ESPN Radio and ESPN internet sites.
The following is a list of Ottoman governors of the Bosnian sanjak, eyalet, and vilayet within Ottoman Empire.
Since then, 37 additional states have been admitted into the Union.
It was founded in 1983 and is based in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey.
Projexity's tools have predominantly been used by organizations with strong social impact mandates like the David Suzuki Foundation.
The EP was released through Mercury Records and included three studio tracks and three live tracks.
Opening in 2002 with 97 Year 7 students, the school quickly grew to over 1600 students by 2007.
Lasse Lagerblom (born 27 February 1980) is a Finnish professional footballer.
Jurisdictional error is a concept in administrative law, particularly in the UK and Australia.
This translates as "Completed in the Year of Our Lord 1433 by Jan van Eyck, Bruges".
The Tel Aviv and Balingen dates were both broadcast on FM Radio in their respective countries.
The Rounders is a 1965 American western film directed by Burt Kennedy and starring Glenn Ford and Henry Fonda.
Trauger is an unincorporated community and coal town in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States.
It became their second lowest charting album, only reaching #40 on Oricon and staying on the charts for four weeks.
Otzberg consists of seven villages: Habitzheim, Hering, Lengfeld with Zipfen, Nieder-Klingen, Ober-Klingen and Ober-Nauses, and Schloss-Nauses.
Locarno was assassinated with two shots in the head in front of his coworkers.
In 2002 Axis & Allies: Pacific won the Origins Award for Best Historical Board Game of 2001.
Twenty years later, In the Small, Small Pond was runner-up for the inaugural, 2013 Phoenix Picture Book Award.
There were major changes for the 2009 season as the tour entered a partnership agreement with Dubai based Leisurecorp.
The series was executively produced by Morgan Hertzan, Rudy Bednar and Andrew Chapman.
Diego Alberto Brambilla (born 17 February 1969) is an Italian judoka.
This book won Kendriya Sahitya Academic Award for Kannada in 1987.
It is a scheme for power extraction from nuclear fusion.
Lethbridge represents one of the largest coal reserve in Canada having estimated reserves of 277 billion tons of coal.
In some years, teams not scheduled to play on Opening Day will play spring training games that day.
Bakers Brook is a Canadian fishing settlement on Bonne Bay in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
It carries the La Mejor grupera format from MVS Radio and is owned by Aracely del Carmen Escalante Jasso.
SR 47 turns west there to its end at Interstate 110.
Rosa Maria Pires Weber (born 2 October 1948) is a Brazilian judge.
Fratelli d'Italia is a 1989 Italian comedy film directed by Neri Parenti.
Jools Holland has become an ardent fan, telling Milner "You make the piano sing".
The NRL Touch Premiership is the premier national domestic touch football competition in Australia.
Protanthias is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Upper Miocene subepoch.
A mock election is an election organized for educational or transformative purposes.
It was filmed throughout The Terror State tour at a variety of North American shows.
The first season of the league began in February 2017 with eight teams.
It is one of the oldest and renowned churches in Kerala and a prized possession of Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church.
Stratford School is a secondary academy school in Forest Gate in the London Borough of Newham, England.
Aleptinoides is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
Halobrecta algophila is a species of rove beetle in the family Staphylinidae.
Vautour was a French privateer launched in 1797 at Nantes that made three privateering voyages.
Khurshid was an Justanid king who ruled briefly over Daylam in 865.
It took place at the Monte Carlo Country Club from 14 April through 22 April 2007.
She was also part of the Olympic bronze medal winning team from 2012.
RDMA is only possible with network adapters that support RDMA in hardware.
Adamantius was a 4th-century Christian writer sometimes mistaken for Origen.
Initially they were inspired by the noise rock of Sonic Youth.
The murder of Kelly Ann Tinyes occurred on March 3, 1989.
The tournament will take place in China from 25 September to 30 September 2018.
Daniel Promislow is a biogerontologist and a professor at the University of Washington.
The unordered associative containers are similar to the associative containers in the C++ Standard Library but have different constraints.
It is the only high school in the St. Marys City School District.
Terry Porter (born 5 August 1951) is an American athlete.
Strobelite Seduction is the fifth solo album by the house DJ Kaskade.
It came into existence on 7 October 1886 when it separated from the surrounding District Council of Yongala.
He is a former member of So Solid Crew and was integral to the birth of UKG.
Music of this film was done by M S Baburaj.
He was born and raised in Litchfield, Connecticut and began his career as an artist in the early 1970s.
Princess Katie is the singer of the band and Racer Steve plays the electric guitar.
Aerodrome, (TC LID: CEF2), is located adjacent to Belwood, Ontario, Canada.
He finished 31st in the individual large hill event at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo.
The film is a parody of the horror, slasher, and mystery film genres.
His cinematography credits include serving as director of photography of Donald Brittain's 1964 film Fields of Sacrifice.
As of November 2014, he had an estimated net worth of US$2.7 billion.
Somers is a city in Calhoun County, Iowa, United States.
Dr Medasani Mohan (born 19 April 1955) is a famous Avadhani.
In 2001, Todd and Emily had a son, Avery Todd, and in 2006 they had another daughter, Meredith.
This editorial series featured a ninja who would attend concerts and review them in a kung-fu voice.
Shonn Greene (born August 21, 1985) is a former American football running back.
It is distributed for sale (also) in Britain and Turkey in addition to being on the internet.
She is currently residing in Nanaimo, British Columbia, where she is a professor of creative writing at Vancouver Island University.
He was appointed by Governor Rick Perry to serve the remainder of the term of Justice Craig T. Enoch.
The results of the event determined qualification for the United States at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Ayodhyapati is a 1956 Hindi film starring Usha Kiran and Abhi Bhattacharya in lead roles.
Vladimir Yefimov (born 1 January 1956) is a Russian bobsledder.
After the Second World War a number of social security reforms were carried out in Italian domestic policy.
New finishes give the depot a fresh, modern appeal, and new canopies and mechanical systems were also installed.
He guest writes for the "Wild Life" column of The Spectator.
With one brief interruption, he served as a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for 25 years.
The Bodie Hills cusickiella, Cusickiella quadricostata, has a more limited distribution in eastern California and western Nevada.
Of these two, the PAL route is the simpler, but each has its own complications.
Halielloides verrilliana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
Various traditional musical instruments are displayed, and visitors can hear a demonstration of the use of the marimba.
Ely is an unincorporated community located within Millstone Township in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.
He has held the NABF middleweight title since March 2017.
In Miami, one can find many "window cafeterias" with customers having a pastelito with coffee throughout the day.
Danville Community High School (DCHS) is a public high school located in Danville, Indiana, off of U.S. Route 36.
Some remains of the colliery buildings and one of the spoil heaps still remain after almost 100 years after closure.
The Moon is a luminary in the biblical sense that it affords to Man "light by night".
Austria has been participating at the Deaflympics since 1931 and has earned a total of 78 medals.
These inflation valves can also be filled with air pumps, which makes the process easier, faster and more hygienic.
The film is considered lost, as no prints are known to exist.
Aloe babatiensis is an aloe which occurs at higher altitudes in northern Tanzania.
It is now a museum, open to the public six days a week from March to October.
John Akerman and Edwin M. Capps received the most votes in the primary election and advanced to the runoff.
By 1937, however, it had taken the name the Utah Theater, which has endured to the present.
The 1964 Denver Broncos season was the fifth season for the team in the American Football League (AFL).
Pradeepa Hall (formally Whist Bungalow) is a large bungalow (as mansions are referred to locally) in Colombo, Sri Lanka.
She apparently remained in naval service after the end of the war.
While narrated in standard English, the dialog is written in Jamaican Creole (see Jamaican Patois).
Clarke was educated at Christ's College, Cambridge and was a Fellow there from 1583 to 1598.
Each of these rooms contains a fireplace and often decorative Federal styls mantels.
THE PLAZA Seoul, Autograph Collection is situated in the heart of Seoul, to the south of Seoul Plaza.
The film had a limited VHS release in the United Kingdom in April 1996.
It is a relatively short highway with no other towns on the route other than Comfort Cove-Newstead.
It was a long story describing Professor Shonku's space travel.
Rock & Roll is the second studio album by Malaysian rock band from Sarawak, the Masterpiece.
The Troy Laundry Building is a 1927 building in the South Lake Union/Cascade District of Seattle.
The fruit is a cylindrical, ribbed achene with a white pappus.
Depending on the oxygen content, it can either be described as a ceramic or alloy.
Within Finland's borders there are 789 islands of over 1 km2 area.
Three-time Indianapolis 500 winner Bobby Unser won the championship, claiming the $100,000 top prize.
Cotswold houses often have a prominent chimney, often near the front door of the house.
Chicken Skin Music is Ry Cooder's fifth studio album, released in 1976, on the Reprise label.
The boundary on the north is the North Saskatchewan River valley, while the boundary on the east is Whitemud Creek.
Ion implantation is used in semiconductor device fabrication and in metal finishing, as well as in materials science research.
He previously played for the Cincinnati Reds, Los Angeles Dodgers, and Washington Nationals in Major League Baseball (MLB).
Harlow is a former Mark One New Town and local government district in the west of Essex, England.
It was written for both voice and piano, and dedicated to the American Army and Navy.
The practice is also referred to as persistent online authentication.
Lindbergh submitted the manuscript to Harcourt Brace in April 1935.
Jefferson Apartment Building is a historic apartment building located at Niagara Falls in Niagara County, New York.
As of 2015, there were over 120 parishes and eight monasteries in the four diocesan districts of the archdiocese.
Marc "Babaloo" Mandel (born October 13, 1949) is an American screenwriter.
Dan Simrell (born April 9, 1943) is an American football coach.
Life Is Worth Losing is the 18th album and thirteenth HBO special by American comedian George Carlin.
Poland competed at the 1954 European Athletics Championships in Bern, Switzerland, from 25-29 August 1954.
A far more primitive race of Yeti with human intelligence first appeared in Man-Thing vol.2, #2, but was destroyed.
The Loot is 1980 martial art comedy movie directed by Eric Tsang and starring David Chiang and Philip Ko.
Mostly an issue in radioastronomy, it severely limits the usable field of view of observations in very long baseline interferometry.
It took place on 14 June 1998 at the Circuito Permanente del Jarama.
To win the game, the player has to take no action for 60 seconds.
The editors-in-chief are Rob Kitchin and Nigel Thrift and it contains a foreword by Mary Robinson.
The "Lower" site is to the northeast of the "Upper" site.
Heaps played for three universities during his collegiate career including Miami (FL), Kansas and Brigham Young.
Nkamankeng is her mother and manager, her father Paul Nkamankeng, and her siblings are Shawn, Sheena and Marion.
Comedy Ka Maha Muqabala was launched on 19 March 2011 and was produced by Reliance BIG Entertainment.
The church has 220,000 members and 355 congregations and has a presbyterian-synodal government.
Semecarpus pseudo-emarginata is a species of plant in the family Anacardiaceae.
In 2014, 8-year old Relisha Rudd went missing after her family was staying in the facility.
It is among the most destructive earthquakes in the history of Italy.
It is known for its English bespoke menswear tailoring, cashmere ready-to-wear collections, and leather accessories.
This eclipse is also notable for the fact that the path of annularity passes over the North Pole.
Kutty is a 2001 Tamil language film directed by Janaki Vishwanathan.
Stroheim is a municipality in the district of Eferding in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.
In Schenkerian analysis, the primary tone or head tone (German: Kopfton) is the starting tone of the fundamental line.
Kindred Spirits is a 1984 Australian film about a young girl who has a psychic experience at Bondi Beach.
Planning for the by-election began immediately following the announcement of Marsters' appointment.
Tumble occupied a shop on the "John Stocker property" on Front Street from 1745 until his death in 1791.
Dewitt Falls is a 7 meter high complex ribbon cascade waterfall found in Stoney Creek, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
It is less sexually graphic and intrusive than hardcore pornography.
The teetotalism movement was first started in Preston, England, in the early 19th century.
Bettencourt-Saint-Ouen is a commune in the Somme department and Hauts-de-France region of northern France.
She is the youngest daughter of Cass and Jamie Freeman.
Gary Clayton Burrill (born 1955) is a Canadian politician and the leader of the Nova Scotia New Democratic Party.
The album was banned in Germany, due to the violent cover and the extreme nature of the lyrics.
Show hosts are predominantly Bowdoin College students, however many Bowdoin faculty members, as well as community members host weekly shows.
John Pombe Magufuli became president on 5 November 2015 following the Tanzanian general election, 2015.
KBRE (1660 AM) is a radio station licensed to Merced, California, United States, the station serves the Merced area.
Technically the Command Loss Timer Reset is a glorified array of Watchdog timers, each with different settings.
One was a television channel produced and transmitted by Soviet Central Television, the television broadcasting organization of the USSR.
Mary's Halt was a small railway station halt on the Dean Forest Railway.
It was won by Alajuelense after a 5-1 aggregate win over Deportivo Saprissa in the final.
The album was released in the U.K. on Charisma Records in 1970.
Engystomops guayaco is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae.
The player-character is a misanthropic mass-killing sociopath who begins a "genocide crusade" to kill as many human beings as possible.
For many years, dance-formatted WPOW-FM "Power 96" in Miami would play the track.
Indie-Pop, and The Cataracs via Myspace after her friend Shane Crislip, posted her singing.
As a result, King Idris dissolved the Assembly and early elections were held the following year.
It is located southeast of Mount Baldy, northeast of Osoyoos.
This is a list of town tramway systems in Japan, past and present, by region.
In January 2015, the land and remaining facilities at LC-13 were leased to SpaceX for a five-year lease.
The use of Simplified characters is advised over Traditional Chinese characters; however, this is not strictly enforced.
Carol Mann and Kathy Whitworth won the most tournaments, 10 each.
Alas plays Yolly, an aging woman who searches for the man of her dreams.
Linkem S.p.A. is an Italian telecommunications company specializing in wireless broadband connection (Hyperlan, WiMax and Wi-Fi).
The author released the game later into the public domain.
Tamil Union Cricket & Athletic Club is a first-class cricket team based in Colombo, Sri Lanka.
It was released in September 2012 as the third single from his album Dirt.
Hundreds of mourners gathered in Dorset on Friday 2 February 2018 to attend Holmes' funeral.
In January 2010, San Diego Radiosurgery was one of the first facilities in the country to have respiratory gating technology.
She has also used her songs as a platform of advocacy for causes such as LGBT rights and female empowerment.
William Chappell transcribed the lyrics in his two-volume work The Ballad Literature and Popular Music of the Olden Time (1855).
The military provider is the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF), which controls military airfields and adjoining airspace.
Director Tony Scott used GMS tracks in his films Man on Fire, Domino and Unstoppable.
He currently leads a happy life in Massachusetts with his dog, wife, and three kids.
Chazemais is a commune in the Allier department in central France.
The TCA Award for Program of the Year is an award given by the Television Critics Association.
Available cultivars include 'Italian White', 'Flora Sun','Dazzler', 'Excelsior', and 'Orion'.
Their nearest rivals are fellow Stafford clubs Stafford Rangers and Brocton.
Daily observations are reported electronically or over the phone, and monthly logs are submitted electronically or via the mail.
Auraticoccus is a bacterial genus from the family of Propionibacteriaceae with one known species (Auraticoccus monumenti).
Heath Slater is the only former member of the stable to still work for WWE.
It would have introduced two new factions: the Corsairs of Nephalis and the Tristan Corporation.
The series follows the protagonist, Darrell Rivers on her adventures and experiences in boarding school.
She competed in the individual women's foil event at the 1928 Summer Olympics.
The tournament consisted of a single round-robin tournament played in Fiji from 1 March to 9 March 2008.
It was released as their third LP by Menlo Park Records in 2001.
He attended Strake Jesuit College Preparatory in Houston, Texas, and is a graduate of Texas A&M University.
Professional programs at the master's degree level help prepare school personnel for professional non-teaching positions throughout a public school system.
Genetic testing is the analysis of human genes, proteins, and certain metabolites, in order to detect inherited disease-related propensities.
Roderick Raynor Paige (born June 17, 1933) served as the 7th United States Secretary of Education from 2001 to 2005.
The event was held in York, Great Britain in July 1971 and was organized by World Archery Federation (FITA).
The song's lyrics and video refer to elements of the film.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 3.213.
Catalonia won the European Championships in 2009, in the overall, men and women competitions.
FK Cetinje became first and only champion of Montenegrin football championship.
The family emigrated to the U.S. in the early 20th century.
Microibidion rubicundulum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
He held the seat until its abolition in 1991, whereupon he retired from politics.
The Philippine Daily Inquirer has referred to him as an Asian male supermodel.
An election to Cumbria County Council took place on 2 May013 as part of the United Kingdom local elections, 2013.
Both the Germans and Japanese were defeated by 1945 and surrendered within months of each other.
The name was given by Richard Anthony Salisbury to honor Edward Rudge in 1806.
They were noted as being one of the most diverse groups to ever travel the gospel music circuits.
He currently serves on the Development Steering Committee for Special Olympics of Texas.
It starred Dolores Costello in a story based on the 1904 novel by John Oxenham.
Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Baraich (JNVBRH) is a boarding school on lucknow road, 10th K.M apart from bahraich city, India.
Bill Bedenbaugh is an American football coach and former player.
She was placed in service as USS Nemesis (SP-343) on 7 June 1917.
The film was released on June 2, 1929, by Fox Film Corporation.
Gazfond owned a 3.22-percent share of Gazprom as of September 5, 2005.
Taraxacum albidum is a species of dandelion that grows in eastern Eurasia.
Gilles Hocquart was born in 1694, in Sainte-Croix, Mortagne-au-Perche to Jean-Hyacinthe Hocquart.
It commenced services in the Australian domestic airline market on 23 November 2007 as Tiger Airways Australia.
Spain made substantial gains in the upper Artibonite Valley in middle section of the island.
The geological structure is named after the Chilliwack River Valley, where it outcrops in many places.
Cafe QL (now Cafe Bonjour) in Headington was once owned by the same family but was sold some years ago.
Two weeks later, a similar single was released, but without the video.
Guna Yala along the Caribbean coast of Panama is home to the Guna people.
Washington was elected, and represented District 86 in the state House from 1973 to 1982.
He was the first non-American to win the event since Percy Williams of Canada took the gold medal in 1928.
He was a right-handed batsman and right arm fast medium bowler who represented Tasmania in 1979.
Pharmacy is the debut studio album by Swedish electronic music duo Galantis, released on 8 June 2015.
Arbitrary and onerous demands, as well as a reputation for offending Pohnpeian deities, sowed resentment among Pohnpeians.
The species are small to medium-sized with black with yellow markings.
Her interests include running, swimming and spending time with her family.
In 2014, Shalosh released their first album The Bell Garden.
Cancellaria ovata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae, the nutmeg snails.
The Turkish Restaurant & Entertainment Association (TURYID) is the national restaurant association for the wider restaurant industry in Turkey.
The airport opened on October 1, 2011 as a domestic airport.
By the time of his retirement, he had scored 19 centuries in ODI matches.
Sappinia is a free-living amoeba (a single-celled organism), found in the environment.
The division is split into three groups of 16 teams, by geographical region.
Linda Marinda Heywood (born 1945) is professor of African American studies and history at the University of Boston.
Kevin Smith (born July 25, 1969) is a former tight end in the National Football League.
The ranger station closely resembles the ranger stations at Belly River and Lake McDonald.
The album features guest appearances from Chris Brown, Fabolous, Pusha T and Yo Gotti.
While in WWE, Roberts regularly announced for its pay-per-views and television shows like Raw, SmackDown, ECW and Superstars.
A version of the General Electric F404, the RM12 was produced by Volvo Aero (now GKN Aerospace Engine Systems).
This fort was on the Fort Leavenworth-Fort Gibson Military Road.
SS Julius Rosenwald was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II.
Of those students, nearly 80 percent study abroad and about 25 percent participate in 19 NCAA Division I sports.
John Milroy FRSE AICE (c.1806-1886) was a 19th-century British civil engineer involved with early railway construction in Britain and France.
American Derringer Corporation is an American manufacturer of firearms, based in Waco, Texas.
The UK also maintains an embassy in Dubai, subordinate to the Abu Dhabi embassy, headed by a Consul General.
Many of the songs were written and recorded by Jones alone between 1988 and 1994.
This business is almost 100 years (in 2025) in the same area on 8th Avenue in NYC.
The palm heart and newly germinated seedlings are edible, and an alcoholic drink is produced from the fruit.
Eleven matches were contested at the event, with two matches contested on the pre-show.
Along with the Gulf Coast League, it forms the lowest rung of the North American minor league system.
Brissopsis jarlii is a species of sea urchins of the Family Brissidae.
Okiishi is married to the former Rei Weimers, a native of Brockton, Massachusetts.
The 2009 BigPond 300 is the thirtieth event of the 2009 V8 Supercar Championship Series.
He joined Gloucester from London Welsh in 2011 and rejoined London Welsh in 2012.
The Music of Nebraska has included a variety of country, jazz, blues, ragtime, rock and alternative rock musicians.
She was due to play the Laura Sinclair role which was eventually given to Kimberley Davies.
The WCT and WIPO Performances and Phonograms Treaty, are together termed WIPO "internet treaties".
The Gathering player who was a high-profile figure on the Pro Tour in its formative years.
Motten is a municipality in the district of Bad Kissingen in Bavaria in Germany.
He fuses jazz with elements of rock, flamenco, blues and Indian classical music.
It was then remade in Kannada as Mangalya in 1991 with Malashri and Sridhar in lead roles.
The team was founded before the league's inaugural 1997 season began; it is one of the eight original franchises.
Dr Waibel is the director of interACT, the International Center for Advanced Communication Technologies.
In 1999, Alpha Bank officially agreed on the purchase of a 65 Percent (%) stake in the Macedonian Kreditna Banka.
The station received approval on March 14, 2006 and began broadcasting on September 1, 2006.
It was originally open to horses aged three or older.
Several transcript variants with different 5' UTR, but encoding the same protein, have been found for this gene.
He has written over one hundred journal articles and book chapters, and fourteen books.
In the year 1879, he discovered nine diamond mines in the sea.
Listrostachys is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae.
Michael Edward Hutchinson (born March 2, 1990) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender.
Morris's father, Doug Morris, was an electrician at Maple Leaf Gardens from its opening in 1931.
It is currently home only of the Pallacanestro Biella basketball team.
Mesopsocus fuscifrons is a species of Psocoptera from Mesopsocidae family that can be found in Macedonia and Kaliningrad, Russia.
Donnelly also won the Best Radio Reporting honor at the 1992 Jack Webster Awards.
Greer is the youngest ever MSP, elected at the 2016 election at the age of 21 years old.
Volbeat when their bassist had to return to Denmark suddenly.
Life Story is the debut album by American hip hop musician Black Rob.
Kirsten Owen (born November 22, 1970) is a Canadian-born English fashion model.
Crimson/Red is the ninth studio album by the English pop group Prefab Sprout.
The Ground Intelligence Officer can be a Recon Marine after their training is done.
Boronia Pre-release Center for Women, opened in May 2004, is a correctional facility located in Bentley, Western Australia.
The LG Lotus has enhanced messaging features including a wide display screen and a full QWERTY keyboard.
JSS Private School (Jagadguru Sri Shivarathreeshwaral Private School) is a co-educational school located in Al Safa, Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Christie later directed PANYNJ funding toward New Jersey road projects.
Following the end of the war the Australian Army was rapidly demobilized.
Diplatyidae is a family of earwigs in the suborder Neodermaptera.
While in UN custody, the area will be accessible to Lebanese property owners there.
The first paper at Texas A&M University was the Texas Collegian published in 1878.
The former Great Northern station has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1990.
The application for registration was made by Spices Board, Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Government of India.
It is now in the Louver in Paris and is the only artifact of Eleanor's known to exist today.
The AP World History exam was first administered in 2002.
Triptolemus Evrychou is a Cypriot association football club based in Evrychou, located in the Nicosia District.
HDCopy is a disk image application for floppy disks that runs in MS-DOS.
In its lyrics, Cabello reflects on her life and asks for an honest friendship.
DN Capital is an international venture capital firm headquartered in London that invests in technology companies.
Lampruna is a genus of arctiine tussock moths in the family Erebidae.
Roc Nation Sports is the sports management division of Roc Nation.
Much of the wood in the building was salvaged and recycled.
According to the USCF's rating system, she is currently an "Expert" or "Candidate Master."
From the 2013 general elections onwards Kenya will have three classes of local authorities: City, Municipality, and Town authorities.
She is an 11-year-old genius but she has no friends.
The courthouse was built in 1912 to replace the county's original courthouse, which was constructed in 1883.
A few years later the symphony received its second performance in the Leipzig Gewandhaus under Raff's baton.
He was managing director at Microsoft Research India, which he founded in December 2004 in Bangalore, India.
It became a bestseller in Canada, and was longlisted for The Booker Prize.
Top Design Australia is a reality television series focusing on interior design and renovation, hosted by Jamie Durie.
After leaving the Air Force, he joined the Philadelphia Police Department.
Four locomotives, numbered 90 to 93 were built by Yorkshire Engine Company in 1901.
She was named for Pearl Harbor, where World War II began for the United States.
In 1900, he played for Latrobe's rival, the Greensburg Athletic Association.
The album was produced by 88 Keys, Don Juan, Mike Dean, Mr. Lee and Tone Capone.
Fox is a Norwegian entertainment television channel owned and produced by Fox Networks Group (FNG) Nordic.
The house is situated on the University Avenue Road, adjacent to Inya Lake.
A member of the Republican Party, Cretekos serves as the mayor of Clearwater, Florida.
Les Femmes de ma vie is the 11th French studio album by Joe Dassin.
He has written a weekly current affairs column for the Evening Express since 2001.
Provanna goniata is a species of deep-sea sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Provannidae.
They are governed under the Local Service District Regulations under the Municipalities Act, 1999.
WJUS is the only AM radio station licensed to the city of Marion.
He signed with AFC Telford United in August 2012, and was loaned out to Hednesford Town in March 2013.
Metters missed the entire 2012 first-class season due to a shoulder injury.
The term export in international trade means the sending of goods or services produced in one country to another country.
Hydnellum fraudulentum is a tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae.
As of 2012, The award was permanently discontinued due to a major overhaul of Grammy categories.
Hemosiderin hyperpigmentation is pigmentation due to deposits of hemosiderin, and occurs in purpura, haemochromotosis, hemorrhagic diseases, and stasis dermatitis.
Serial Killers in the Delaware Valley is a 2013 horror film from director Anthony Spadaccini.
In April 2016, the brand and website was sold to Kansas-based company Answer Media.
Jackson reportedly revisited the track for his eighth and ninth studio albums, but it was again abandoned from both.
It was created in 2005 from part of the Fayzabad District and is home to approximately 39,000 residents.
Choctaw has received Florida's highest rating of A+ for many years.
SELP was phased out with the deactivation of the Peacekeeper ICBM in 2005.
The 1937 Murray State Racers football team represented Murray State University in the 1937 college football season.
Later, larvae create larger, brownish, full-depth fleck mines, often in different leaves.
Everaldo's works include general illustrations, comics, children's books, corporate design and many other areas.
She was one of a number of coaches of the Australia women's national football team between 1979 and 1989.
In October 1999, at the club's inception, he started a residency at London's Fabric, which has continued ever since.
The School of Medicine has 1,177 full-time faculty and 3,091 part-time faculty.
Established in 1942 and folded in 1972, it was refounded in 2017 as Seccions Deportives Espanyol (English: Sporting sections Espanyol).
Obtained a Bachelor's degree in business administration with a concentration in marketing from the University of Puerto Rico.
Their debut album Everythings Perfect was released January 22, 2008 on Impose Records.
The team has collaborated since 2002, with Carner working as the lyricist and Gregor as the composer.
He has also been active in business as the founder of TrainingPeaks, a web-based software company, and TrainingBible Coaching.
In 1805 she was sold and her new owners renamed her Speke.
However, some sources mention turbines with both vertical and horizontal shafts.
Perth has a Chinatown on Roe Street in the inner city suburb of Northbridge.
Strong Australia is a consumer electronics manufacturer that supplies broadcasting receivers and other video and audio related apparatus.
Yponomeuta is a large genus of moths of the family Yponomeutidae.
The MOVE from CCR instruction was added to partially compensate for the removal of the user-mode MOVE from SR.
The village is also renowned for having the highest number of strikes per capita in the whole of France.
Naqaab (English: Mask) is a 2007 Indian suspense thriller film directed by the famous duo Abbas-Mustan.
The application supported multiple platforms including web, iPhone, BlackBerry, Windows Mobile and Java (software platform).
It belonged to the family of Thomas Cranmer, archbishop of Canterbury.
Lavernat is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Abietinella abietina is a species of moss of the genus Abietinella.
The art is done by J. Korim and Jessie Lam.
After his high school he studied sociology at the University of Amsterdam between 1976 and 1980.
The album is dedicated to her late brother Luciano Lenchantin, who committed suicide in 2003.
Real Enemies is an album by Darcy James Argue's Secret Society.
The Labor Party, the runners-up at the 1979 general election, selected a local councilor, Stanley Boden.
Montrose is the debut album by the American hard rock band Montrose released in 1973 on the Warner Bros. label.
He was wounded in the Battle of Pittsburg Landing and died in Corinth, Mississippi as a result of his wounds.
It began March 15, 2003 and ended October 18, 2003 after 9 races.
Borderline was an early-1970s band from Woodstock, New York, that fused elements of folk, rock, country and jazz.
It was the sixth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2010 ATP Challenger Tour.
It operates as a European company with limited liability based in Hamburg.
The city also has two international airports, Glasgow Airport and Glasgow Prestwick Airport, although both are located outside the city.
He also illustrates for the advertising, editorial and educational markets.
Syndactyly specifically affecting feet occurs in birds (such as ducks), amphibians (such as frogs), and mammals (such as the kangaroo).
Both breaches are considered the largest discovered in the history of the Internet.
Santirbazar is a town and Municipal Council in South Tripura district, Tripura, India.
The film stars Airam Galliani, Nikko Ponce, Leslie Shaw, Marisol Aguirre, among others.
Etiquette can vary in its specification and stringency between different styles of dance.
The Aktiengesellschaft Cologne Zoological Garden is the zoo of Cologne, Germany.
Nonane is a linear alkane hydrocarbon with the chemical formula C9H20.
6AR was a community radio station based in Perth, Western Australia.
He received the 2012 Canadian Award for Telecommunications Research, and the 2016 Aaron D. Wyner Distinguished Service Award.
After 1921 North Carolina Highway 16 connected Ashe County to Wilkesboro.
It qualifies as a light-sport aircraft in the United States.
Attack patterns are often used for testing purposes and are very important for ensuring that potential vulnerabilities are prevented.
Swype was first commercially available on the Samsung Omnia II running Windows Mobile, and was originally pre-loaded on specific devices.
Dermatobranchus tongshanensis is a species of sea slug, a nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Arminidae.
Recorded in Detroit, Michigan at the Eastown Theater on November 13, 1971.
The band released their debut album, New Skin, on October 28, 2016.
Bellanca was nominated for the Collier Trophy in 1922 for the CF design.
End Records was a record label founded in 1957 by George Goldner.
According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 37,964.
The category used to be called "broadsheet" until several papers adopted a tabloid format.
David Donaldson (born 1960) is a New Zealand composer and performer.
Big Spring is a ghost town located in Wayne County, Iowa, USA.By 1887, several mineral springs had been located nearby.
The present frame church building was built in 1885 for $4,000 in the Gothic Revival style.
Dandupur is a village in the Chaka Mandal of the Allahabad District.
Scottish Typographical Association was a labor unon representing typesetters in Scotland.
The trackbed and site of the now demolished platforms are now occupied by commercial industrial buildings.
She is the recipient of the APA Award for Distinguished Contributions to the International Advancement of Psychology.
Surrounding areas include Ruahine, Wakapatu, Round Hill, Colac Bay and Orepuki.
She has collaborated with many of the world's leading electronic dance music producers.
Paige Carlyle Howard (born February 5, 1985) is an American actress.
There are currently 50 states, which are bound together in a union with each other.
The High Commission of Fiji in London is the diplomatic mission of Fiji in the United Kingdom.
Dale Evans Rogers suggests that "her example, her teachings, and her faith" were strong influences in Timothy's life.
The Bookerly font was added to many of the older Kindle devices via firmware updates.
Treason is the fifth album by progressive rock band, Griffin, originally released in 1977 by Harvest, catalog number SHSP 4063.
Since their introduction, though, the nature of rail traffic in Britain has changed considerably.
Unlike its predecessor, The Politics of Ecstasy, this album is very emotional and contains many slower, ballad-type songs.
2016 BNP Paribas Masters is a professional tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.
Wengo is now repositioned as an online personal and consulting services marketplace.
He recorded this album in a hurried two-day session in September 1961 to fulfill his contract.
He received Padma Shri in 2001 and Padma Bhushan in 2010.
Erasmus University College is a public, selective, liberal arts college located in the city center of Rotterdam, South Holland.
Clark was under contract to UAB throughout the program's hiatus.
The capacity utilization of Chennai Beach-Egmore-Tambaram section is 69 percent.
In most countries, it has the same legal status as a bicycle.
The station has three translators serving southern Indiana: 98.1 in Bloomington, 100.7 in Nashville and 106.3 in Ellettsville.
John Bissett, Lord of Lovat (died 1260) was a Scottish nobleman.
At last, a boy fluent in the Pecheneg language volunteered to venture from the city and urge Pretich to action.
He formed Rebecca's Empire with then partner Rebecca Barnard (also part of Cumming's backing bands).
Aydar is a Brazilian singer of MPB (Brazilian popular music).
Adventures in Art is a Canadian computer-animated children's television show produced by DHX Media.
Vladimir Braga is a Moldovan politician who was a member of the Parliament of Moldova.
Jordan Edward Rodgers (born August 30, 1988) is an American sports commentator and former college and professional American football quarterback.
In 2011, after Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? ended, he presented The Money Drop, until its end in 2013.
Jordyn Marie Wieber (born July 12, 1995) is an American former artistic gymnast.
Additional products were added to the original game of carroms as time went on, usually as associated furniture.
Ross's third studio album, Deeper Than Rap was released on April 21, 2009.
It has both a secondary and primary school in the same campus.
The team appeared at the 2010 FIBA Africa Under-18 Championship qualification stage.
The current manufacturer is Alternate Mode, Inc (also of Chicopee, MA).
The show was in many ways similar to The Curiosity Show, which ran many years earlier.
It is found in Taiwan, the Ryukyu Islands and Batanes.
Internal auditing is an independent, objective assurance and consulting activity designed to add value and improve an organization's operations.
Across 30 years of construction, over $3 billion has been spent on the project.
He was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland from 1998 to 2001, representing the electorate of Tablelands.
He added four more wins in a month, from 22 October to 23 November 1916.
It was discovered by Japanese astronomers Yoshikane Mizuno and Toshimasa Furuta at Kani Observatory (403) on 8 October 1989.
It originally ran on ABC from October 3, 2001 to June 2, 2009.
The accompanying music video for the song was directed by Chris Hicky and features a couple in various romantic escapades.
Ali Shiham (born 26 June 1975) is a former Maldivian international footballer.
In 2017 she became the second Colombian artist signed by Jay-Z's label Roc Nation.
It was the second single from his debut solo album, N.O.R.E..
In 2017, Leaf Brands will bring back the original Bonkers and will reintroduce some of the eight flavors.
Armorica is a card game designed by Eric Vogel, and published in June 2010 by Vainglorious Games in English.
Friedman joined Fluxus in 1966 as the youngest member of the classic Fluxus group.
In 2003, he worked for the Surmang Foundation in China.
Santhana Bharathi is an Indian film actor and director based in Chennai, India.
Geraldine is a town in DeKalb County, Alabama, United States.
After the long layoff, as a 21 year old, her results were surprising.
Designed by Alex Biryukov, LEX is a Phase 2 Focus candidate for the eSTREAM project.
The IUCN conservation status of Enallagma pallidum is "LC", least concern, with no immediate threat to the species' survival.
Bodianus solatus, is a species of wrasse native to tropical and warm temperate waters of Western Australia.
This is a list of the governors of colonies, protectorates, or other dependencies in 1979.
She advocates improving regulations and enforcement involving credit reporting, debt collection and in other financial areas.
She also finished in the second place at the 2016 India International and 2017 Singapore International.
XBIZ is an American publisher of business news and business information for the sex industry.
The magazine also included reviews of forthcoming albums and DVDs.
According to Surendranath Banerji, swadeshi movement changed the entire texture of our social and domestic life.
The couple's career as a duo ended in 1975 following their divorce.
Shaun Gill (born 9 April 1993) is a Belizean athlete.
Staehli designed the fountain to serve as a watering trough for horses pulling carriages into the park.
Its nowadays director is the professor and doctor Anton Erkoreka.
The second day consists of a 15K free-style race on the MECCA Trail System in southern Iron County, near Mercer.
One might find himself classified as a wangler if they were to manipulate information to obtain a job.
The reigning Top Scorer from each team wears a yellow flame-emblazoned shirt and helmet at all Championship matches.
Operation Berkshire was created as a unified defensive strategy among international tobacco companies.
Bishop James D. Conley is the current ordinary of the Diocese.
In 2006, two men with automatic rifles sprayed Vasiliev's car with gunfire, wounding him and killing one of his bodyguards.
It is a selective coeducational institution, known for its high academic standards.
Cicciolina" is almost completely identical to the third episode of Mr. Freeman's "Part 03.
It has been the principal locus of history in this city in the republic era.
Like most modern smartphones, the phone operations can be off while the Palm operates, and vice versa.
Drug liberalization is the process of eliminating or reducing drug prohibition laws.
Vocational education is available through a partnership with the Bloomington Area Career Center.
US Bus Lines is a bus and coach operator in Melbourne, Australia.
Pink Cloud was released on 21 October 2015, by independent electronic music label Monstercat to help fund breast cancer research.
Sergei Kulbach (born 24 November 1992) is a Ukrainian pair skater.
Martinique is a part of the lesser Antilles, and is located in the Eastern Caribbean.
A number of high-profile athletes were also seeking Olympic selection following the Olympic trials.
In the Roman Empire, it was known as year 213 Ab urbe condita.
Released theatrically on March 12, 1956, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal-International.
The Princess of New York is a 1921 British crime film directed by Donald Crisp.
Donald McCall, the head of the academy, was the chairperson of the Langhorne Terrace Baptist Church in Middletown.
Between is a Canadian science fiction drama television series which debuted on May 21, 2015, on City.
Wheat leaf rust is a fungal disease that affects wheat, barley and rye stems, leaves and grains.
It is the third book in a planned seven-book cycle entitled Seven Dreams: A Book of North American Landscapes.
Some contain egg whites, which would make them unacceptable to vegans.
Jorge Garcia (born April 28, 1973) is an American actor and comedian.
The content of the audit trails is indexed to make searching for events and automatic reporting possible.
The Selwyn House Griffins high-school football team also play their home games at the stadium.
Alan Kingsberry (born July 23, 1954) is an American former cyclist.
George C. Jenks also wrote under this name, as did St George Henry Rathbone.
A post office called Sexton was established in 1882, and remained in operation until 1906.
It is possible, but unlikely, that he made the journey twice.
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2635.
Since late 2009 she has been a local public television personality in the Champaign-Urbana area.
A nation's smelter production of copper can differ greatly from its mined production.
The 2010 census placed the population at 10,215, up from 8,757 at the 2000 census.
It was released on September 11, 2012 on Seven Arts Music.
It is one of Nerdrum's largest paintings and one he has said he is "very pleased with".
Since 2014, it has been a subsidiary of Gaming Partners International.
After several false starts, a second album - 1996's Fields and Waves - was recorded.
Notable people buried there are Herbert Wesley Cummings, John Black Packer, Isaac Clinton Kline, Birdie Cree and Simon Peter Wolverton.
However, the first actual castle was constructed on the site by Kikkawa Hiroie.
Lebuh Wadi Ehsan is a major highway in Putrajaya, Malaysia.
Valups Corporation is a company based in Seoul, Korea which makes products for watching mobile television.
Before assuming his current role, Quinn spent 32 years working for the U.S. State Department.
It is not clear if Phonen was able to reconquer disputed territory.
Around 43% of revenue is made up of in kind gifts and donated goods.
This wood decay fungus is found very commonly in Eastern North America, and is associated with declining or dead hardwoods.
It was one of the very early films of Dharmendra.
It was later transformed into the Best Friends Animal Society, based at Kanab, Utah.
Lady Slipper Lake was named for state flower of Minnesota, the lady's slipper (Cypripedium reginae).
Star Market was a New England chain of supermarkets based in Greater Boston.
Aken also plays the role of a model in her self-portrait works.
Paranephelium hainanensis is a species of plant in the Sapindaceae family.
The delicate mouse (Mus tenellus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
They are also used to study distributions of psychometric intelligence in populations and the correlations between it and other variables.
It is part of the Modesto Metropolitan Statistical Area in the San Joaquin Valley.
Also known as Bahadir Sari and Theodore Sariyev, ISKA oriental kickboxing rules heavyweight world champion in 2010.
Mutations in Robo genes have been linked to multiple neurodevelopmental disorders in humans.
Ambani Shankar is an Indian stage and film actor, who has appeared in Tamil language films.
It features references to Adam and Eve, and Matt Groening's other show, The Simpsons, along with self-parody.
Plagiognathus cornicola is a species of plant bug in the family Miridae.
Thierry Lincou won his first World Open title, defeating Lee Beachill in the final.
It was the 54th edition of the Pacific Southwest tournament and was held from April 12 through April 18, 1982.
The album achieved mild success following her debut international release Gia.
Eddyville Charter School is a charter school in Eddyville, Oregon, United States.
When held in the Astrodome, it was called the Astro-Bluebonnet Bowl.
The movie was not theatrically released and went straight through to video.
Gas Chromatography - Vacuum Ultraviolet (GC-VUV) spectroscopy is a universal detection platform for gas chromatography.
Self-employed individuals receive a tax deduction for their health insurance and can buy health insurance with additional tax benefits.
Atrocalopteryx atrata is a species of damselfly belonging to the family Calopterygidae.
Johnny Allen is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Billy Murray.
MAML is a departure from all previous types of user assistance for Windows operating systems.
It is possible to search by author/coauthor, by journal, by GeoReM number, and by keywords.
Saint-Marc (Haitian Creole: Sen Mak) is an arrondissement in Artibonite department of Haiti.
There is also a gender neutral event called 'Save The World awards' which awards equal numbers of men and women.
Tabernaemontana sessilifolia is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae family.
On the square stands a statue of S. Antonino Abbate.
The club is based at Owen Park in Southport, Queensland, Australia.
Stefany Coronado (born 16 September 1996) is a Bolivian race walker.
On May 15, 2010, Keller made his 500th career start, the first driver in series history to do so.
Ricochet Infinity is the fourth installment in the Ricochet video game series by Reflexive Entertainment.
The area was counted as part of Rainy River, Unorganized, Ontario in Statistics Canada census data.
These two geological formations are in Southern Mountains of East Java.
Clendenen is a winemaker and the owner of Au Bon Climat, a winery based in Santa Maria, California.
In the 1960s and 1970s art communes such as Friedrichshof also known as Aktionsanalytische Organization flourished.
All production of the song, audio and video was done in South Africa.
It was the fifth round of the 2011 GP2 Season and the fourth round of the 2011 GP3 Season.
A scoop may be a new story, or a new aspect to an existing or breaking news story.
In August 2010, Reece shot a music video for his second single "Confessions of a Dreamer".
After being stabbed at one, he was transferred to prison in Utah and then to Illinois, under a state compact.
The theoretical component involves considerable computer simulation and mathematical modeling.
States are required to publicly disclose information of Tier 2 and Tier 3 offenders, at minimum.
The league was then referred to as the DSTV Premier Basketball League.
The company uses the brand to produce and commercialize resonator guitars.
It is published by Taylor and Francis and was established in 1979.
Ford drivers filled the top seven places with Grant Denyer, Daniel Gaunt, Brad Lowe and Damian Assaillit filling those positions.
Wismoyo Widhistio (born on November 30, 1991) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for Gresik United.
A brief spell at Leicester City followed before he joined Notts County in 1989.
On October 29, 1982, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
It has been demonstrated that the vulnerability can be utilized to root any Android device up to Android version 7.
Hunt County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas.
Anthony Catholic School is a historic school in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
The Tuscan regional election of 1990 took place on 6 May 1990.
About half of the plays in the cycle incorporated puppetry.
It feeds off of plants such as Theobroma cacao, Coffea arabica, Coffea canephora, Albizia adianthifolia, and Celtis zenkeri.
Uccle-Stalle railway station is a railway station in the municipality of Uccle in Brussels, Belgium.
Halostagnicola larsenii is a non-motile, aerobic, gram-negative, rod shaped archaeon.
It has annual sales of approximately $100 million per year.
This attack was accompanied by the distribution of leaflets across Cyprus.
The strong and dry wind lifted burning shakes off burning houses and quickly spread the fire.
Field hygiene and sanitation are also major medical problems and causes of death among the World refugee populations.
In the nervous system there is a "closed loop" system of sensation, decision, and reactions.
The Guiver branch of the family is now larger than the original Gyver/Guyver side which still uses the old spelling.
Maple River is an unincorporated community in Carroll County, in the U.S. state of Iowa.
Make a Match was a Canadian game show television series which aired on CBC Television from 1954 to 1955.
The Great Brain Robbery is the second and final studio album by British indie rock band The Crocketts.
Like many of the Santa Fe depots, the station was designed in the Mission Revival style.
Letter Exchange was founded in the United Kingdom in 1988.
She currently works at Michigan State University and Scientific American.
This region was populated by Illyrians, respectively members of the Dardan tribe.
In the Shiite seat the incumbent minister Rashid Baydun lost by only 500 votes.
Produced by the duo and Roy Halee, it is famous for its inclusion in the 1967 film The Graduate.
Presentation programs for preparing and delivering online video presentations have a place in educational instruction.
The Anglican Church of St Mary Magdalene in Withiel Florey, Somerset, England was built in the 12th century.
He was awarded the St Leger on the disqualification of Simple Verse but lost the race following an appeal.
Graham received widespread critical acclaim for her performance and has been nominated for several awards, winning two Teen Choice Awards.
He also took two silver medals at the Goodwill Games (1994, 1998).
Iffley Road rugby football ground is a playing-field in Oxford, England.
A depression is an unusual and extreme form of recession.
In 1984, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Victoria.
In the series Reilly interviews real people, whose reactions are genuine according to executive producer Tim Heidecker.
The name "SPDY" is a trademark of Google and is not an acronym.
The Empire cast has released 4 soundtrack albums, twelve extended plays (EPs), and 29 singles.
The population of the ward, according to the 2002 Tanzanian census, was 14,355.
Howard County consistently earns high marks in school performance metrics such as test scores and graduation rates.
These mischarged tRNAs must be hydrolyzed in order to prevent incorrect protein synthesis.
In 1983, he co-founded SHARE (Self Help and Resource Exchange), North America's largest private food distribution program.
After one season with Pahang he returned to Selangor for the 2012 season.
On 21 April 2018 he announced he would step down as First Minister in the autumn.
Later in the decade, it merged with the Lancashire Area of the NUM to form the North West Area.
Lynne Lipton is an American film, stage, television and voice actress.
Stephen Chatman CM (born 28 February 1950) is a Canadian composer residing in Vancouver.
Isadore "Izzy" Cohen is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The Cocoanut Grove was a premier nightclub during the post-Prohibition 1930s and 1940s in Boston, Massachusetts.
He had a few weeks beforehand, been suspended from the party.
Vangueria bowkeri is a species of flowering plant in the Rubiaceae family.
As a result, the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its status as "near-threatened".
The music video for "2 Hearts" was directed by Dawn Shadforth and filmed at Shepperton Studios in London, England.
Mataiva Airport is an airport on Mataiva in French Polynesia (IATA: MVT, ICAO: NTGV).
Dragon and Slave is the third volume of Timothy Zahn's Dragonback series, following Dragon and Thief and Dragon and Soldier.
Eileen Ward Petersen (born 15 July 1937) is a Danish former swimmer.
Some bike stations are staffed and offer free valet parking during certain hours.
He also serves on the Rabbinic advisory committee of Torah Umesorah.
After some success in the American dance charts the album was sold in North America.
Heterochordariaceae is a brown algae family in the order Ralfsiales.
Curse of the Blue Tattoo is a historical novel by L.A. Meyer.
Henrich was drafted as the 60th overall selection in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft by the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Settlements typically are made at a discount in hard or local currency or in the form of new debt issuance.
Grantville is a small community in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, located in Richmond County.
As of 2005 it has shifted 250,000 units in United States.
Hungry Hardy is a competitive eater from Brooklyn, New York, United States.
Koling is a professional disk golfer from Charlotte, North Carolina.
The District Council of Cleve is a local government area on the eastern Eyre Peninsula in South Australia.
Andre Stefan McCollin (born 26 March 1985) is an English footballer who currently plays for Haringey Borough.
The film was supposed to be the first of a series based on The Destroyer series of novels.
Year 238 (CCXXXVIII) was a common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.
It was established in 1996, when it was split off from the existing British Journal of Clinical Psychology.
The Dutch are inventors of Hakken, which was mainly danced in the Hardcore techno and Gabber scene in the 1990s.
Postmodern Jukebox has amassed over 1 billion YouTube views and 3.4 million subscribers.
Devaiah is mostly known for his roles in Shaitan, Hate Story and Hunterrr.
A new species, D. secunda, from Ukraine was described by Victor Voichyshyn in 2011.
Unlike most other congregations of the Order, they do not have any monasteries of nuns.
His reign may have lasted for over a decade, but of it nothing is known.
Synaptic plasticity refers to a chemical synapse's ability to undergo changes in strength.
While men dominated the political sphere, women became active participants in organizations that are socially, religiously, and culturally oriented.
Letters From Home is the ninth studio album by John Michael Montgomery released April 20, 2004.
The program is considered to be America's first community-based delinquency prevention program.
Packardia is a genus of moths in the family Limacodidae.
A rector is, in an ecclesiastical sense, a cleric who functions as an administrative leader in some Christian denominations.
Adham Hatem Elgamal (born 4 February 1998) is an Egyptian badminton player.
Star is a small village in the parish of Clydau in Pembrokeshire, Wales.
Chemical engineering as a discipline that was developed out of those practicing "industrial chemistry" in the late 19th century.
Hump-winged grigs are insects belonging to the North American genus Cyphoderris, in the family Prophalangopsidae, related to katydids.
John McArdle (born 16 August 1949 in Liverpool) is an English actor.
His work has been featured numerous times on National Public Radio.
They are the sister taxon for all the other rhacophorids (subfamily Rhacophorinae).
Rockwood was a house pseudonym used by the Stratemeyer Syndicate for boy's adventure books.
She has appeared in 60 films and 40 television series.
It is a very obvious component of the unique Renosterveld Vegetation Type, which is named after this bush.
Ducros Hicken is a museum of cinema of Argentina located in Buenos Aires.
The Library is located in Building 8, University main campus.
He recorded a 10.84, not enough to qualify for the next round past the heats.
As astronomer he worked at the Space Telescope Science Institute (STScI) prior to joining the ISS project.
Kandeleru Dam is an irrigation project built on the Kandaleru River in Rapur Mandal, Nellore district, Andhra Pradesh.
Forest Stream is a symphonic black / doom / Gothic metal band formed in Chernogolovka, Russia in 1995.
The two men's fathers partnered to form the company, along with Afriqua Gaz, which Wakrim chairs along with Maghreb Oxygene.
Mervyn John Kitchen (born 1 August 1940), is a former English first-class cricketer and international umpire.
He was educated at Westminster College, Oxford and Westcott House, Cambridge.
Team dressage equestrian at the 2010 Asian Games was held in Guangzhou Equestrian Venue, Guangzhou, China on 14 November 2010.
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Boone County, Iowa.
It was established following the end of the Tarumanagara kingdom around the 7th century.
The tournament was founded in 1993 as the Cadillac NFL Golf Classic.
Ploetzia is a genus of butterflies in the family Hesperiidae.
Sons of Liberty is a 2010 children's time travel novel by Ron Hardman and Jessica Hardman.
He was born in Paisley, Scotland, United Kingdom and raised in Toronto, Ontario.
The Ministry of Social Affairs, Justice and Interior of Andorra is responsible for social care and protection, employment and work.
However, in integrative neuroscience, each level is seamlessly sculptured as part of a continuum of levels.
His compositions include hit singles for Toby Keith and John Michael Montgomery.
Liptena xanthostola, the yellow liptena, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
It was also recorded by Bellefire in 2004 for their final album Spin the Wheel.
The squadron's nickname was the Boomerangs from 1957 to 1958, and the Champions thereafter.
Tars Tarkas wins the duel, and according to Tharkian law becomes Jeddak.
From 1817 to 1824, it was part of the Ministry of Religious Affairs and Public Education.
31 years later, the MGL has more than 70 member including 30 ordained priests.
The school has recently accomplished Silver Jubilee, 25 years of existence.
Neheb is mentioned in the Palermo Stone as a Predynastic Egyptian king who ruled in Lower Egypt.
The BSC Erlangen is a German association football club from the city of Erlangen, Bavaria.
Riley often takes listener calls on a specific topic in a rapid-fire fashion.
The population of this Coventry Ward taken at the 2011 census was 16,818.
Roxbury Memorial Park is a public park in Beverly Hills, California.
Doug Johnstone (born 22 July 1970) is a Scottish crime writer based in Edinburgh.
It is the largest private foundation dedicated solely to funding pancreatic cancer research.
Some of the beliefs of Ayyavazhi are shared with that of Hinduism, and others are unique to Ayyavazhi.
The 4th Cavalry Corps was a cavalry corps in the Imperial Russian Army.
Vexillum epiphanea is a species of small sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae, the ribbed miters.
The regiment fought successfully against the Cherokees in the Anglo-Cherokee War.
It also reaffirmed the right, under Article 51 of the Charter, to self-defense if a country was attacked.
It took place at the Palais omnisports de Paris-Bercy in Paris, France from 2 November through 9 November 1987.
The community has largely disappeared from modern maps, except for a few business names.
The station was designed and built in 1930 by Clarence Stein, as part of the Radburn development.
Published monthly in 1995 and through July 1996, it began to come out semi-monthly in August 1996.
These maneuvers are designed to reposition otoliths in the posterior Semicircular canals.
The town is located at the junction of U.S. Route 421 and Kentucky Route 3630.
DLA is a packet writing technology for CD and DVD media that uses the UDF file system.
Currently, international communication is being taught at colleges across the United States.
Loakan Airport, the city's only airport, was built in 1934.
It was written by Richard Cowie, Joseph Adenuga, Jamie Adenuga, Dayo Olatunji and produced by Rymez and Sillkey.
The main characters of the film are Anoop Baral, Malvika Subba, Karma, and Shahana Shrestha.
It is the Mobb Deep's highest charting song to date, debuting at #58 on The Billboard Hot 100 music chart.
The team also has the best win percentage in ODIs (77%) among all Under-19 national teams.
The Sullivan West Central School district is located in Western Sullivan County, New York.
The following is a list of events affecting Canadian television in 2009.
By mid-2016, the company had added a CheddarLife program, and was broadcasting on Facebook Live, Roku and SiriusXM.
In North America and Europe Rizin FF 5 will be available on FITE TV.
It is believed to be the oldest Methodist church building in the county, and is one of its oldest structures.
Globidrillia paucistriata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
Costa Cruises also has introduced poolside theaters on its Concordia-class fleet.
He last played as a defender for Accra Hearts of Oak SC.
The Spanish Consulate in Mumbai stated BID was a fraudulent company.
After this, he evicts Nicky from the apartment they share.
As of the 2010 census, the CDP had a population of 1,644.
Originally from Mount Macedon, Goodyear was drafted by Collingwood with the 48th overall pick in the 2014 national draft.
Risk identification and allocation is a key component of project finance.
They are often found in fast-moving streams with large boulders, gravel, cobbles, and sand.
Getliff duly signed for the club but rejected professional terms, preferring to remain as an amateur and continue teaching.
He has also worked as producer, and screenwriter on several animated feature films.
John Andrew Koskinen (born June 30, 1939) is an American businessman and public official of Finnish descent.
The most recent program was for 2000 crop fresh russet potatoes with expenditures limited to $10.25 million.
Instead he remained there for 15 months until he reported to Wittering to command 1321 Flight.
The station's transmitter is located on Aspen Mountain south of Rock Springs.
The Garrison Theater is a 280-capacity venue in Lerwick, Shetland, Scotland, with a sprung proscenium stage with fixed raked seating.
Kirk Pengilly (PEN-gill-ee) (born 4 July 1958) is an Australian musician and member of the Australian rock group INXS.
In 2000, she finished seventh in her heat and failed to advance.
The township is named for the River Clyde in Scotland.
Tryptophan hydroxylase 1 (TPH1) is an isoenzyme of tryptophan hydroxylase which in humans is encoded by the TPH1 gene.
WHPF (88.1 FM) was a radio station licensed to Pittston Farm, Maine, United States.
Zlatozar Boev (born 20 October 1955) is a Bulgarian ornithologist, paleontologist, and zoologist.
The video was retired on 106 & Park after being on the countdown for 65 days.
Midler performs all the songs on the album, with the exception of the instrumental "Camellia".
Previously, Aruba was part of Netherlands Antilles, Kingdom of the Netherlands until 1986.
He is a frequent commentator in the media on Internet issues.
He brings a great deal of expertise in managing large scale engineering operations.
Deeping St James is a large village in the South Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, England.
He is best known for his autobiography, My Life in the South.
The district is represented by Rep. G. K. Butterfield, a Democrat.
Accelerants are often used to commit arson, and some accelerants may cause an explosion.
The Po Basin of Italy was the example basin used to initially describe the tectonics and occurrence of piggyback basins.
He authored many Jain texts such as: Samayasara, Niyamasara, Pancastikayasara, Pravachanasara, Atthapahuda and Barasanuvekkha.
Sherif Fouad Aboulkheir (born 22 June 1947) is an Egyptian basketball player.
The papers focus on descriptive and experimental psychiatry from Jung's early days in medical practice.
This is a list of Gaelic football and Hurling clubs in County Mayo.
Brassica protein BNM2, which is expressed during the induction of microspore embryogenesis.
Justin Hartfield is an entrepreneur and venture capitalist from Orange County, California.
Meet the Small Potatoes is a 2013 family film written and directed by Josh Selig and starring Malcolm McDowell.
He played college football at Howard University and attended Howard D. Woodson High School in Washington, D.C..
At the time of the abolition of the death penalty in Sweden, the legal method of execution was beheading.
Cephalonomia is a genus of cuckoo wasps in the family Bethylidae.
The Yamaha YA-1 is the first motorcycle produced by the Yamaha Motor Company.
To date it also has been the last big-screen appearance of one of the film's stars, Jane Powell.
With Bill Muncey driving, the boat won the 1956 and 1957 American Power Boat Association Gold Cup.
It was first published in paperback by Warner Books in December 1975.
The story was also included in the 1959 collection A Few Quick Ones.
This species was the first jakobid to have its mitochondrial genome sequenced.
It has been listed as a state heritage place on the South Australian Heritage Register since 27 May 2004.
Push Your Luck is a Philippine television game show broadcast by GMA Network.
Kenya Evangelical Lutheran Church is a Lutheran denomination in Kenya.
Parahepialiscus is a monotypic moth genus of the family Hepialidae.
Jerome Tillman (born April 25, 1987) is an American professional basketball player for Nagoya Diamond Dolphins in Japan.
There are several scoring systems in intensive care units (ICUs) today.
Phyxium papuanum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Oil painting reproductions are distinct from original oil painting such as are often of interest to collectors and museums.
It was released in November 2007 in North America and Europe, and December 2007 in Australia.
Leap-the-Dips operated continuously until 1985, when it closed after falling into disrepair.
Despite this success with singles, none of their albums have impacted the Billboard album charts.
Polemon gracilis, or the graceful snake-eater, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae.
The most important feature of the site is the diversity of its old meadow plants.
She produced mainly portraits and still lifes, many of which featured flowers.
Ceratophyllum submersum, commonly known as the soft hornwort, is a species of Ceratophyllum.
Priority seats can be found on various public transportation, including the mass transit railways, busses, minibusses, and trams.
Petalocrinidae is an extinct family of cladid crinoids from the Early Ordovician to Lower Devonian.
United New Zealand was a centrist political party in New Zealand founded in 1995.
Pepducins are cell-penetrating peptides that act as intracellular modulators of signal transference from receptors to G proteins.
The label's A&R is handled by Sebastian "Bash Vision" Jameson & Jude Oratile Mmolawa.
She made her film debut in the 1989 comedy film Major League.
In the tomb decoration also appears the overseer of nurses Senqed.
Shade, the Changing Man is an American superhero comic book featuring the character of the same name.
Pelecia is a genus of moths of the family Noctuidae.
In 2010, she was inducted into the London Youth Games Hall of Fame.
Steele is a city in Pemiscot County, Missouri, United States.
A vapor pressure thermometer is a thermometer that uses a pressure gage to measure the vapor pressure of a liquid.
He was also the Chief of Staff in the New York State Senate Democratic Conference.
The present criteria are based on a survey conducted in 2002.
Fingleson (born 5 August 1976, in Johannesburg, South Africa) is an Australian switch-hitting former professional baseball player.
Shawn Michael Armstrong (born September 11, 1990) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Seattle Mariners organization.
The Third Symphony is considered a transitional work in Rachmaninoff's output.
The clustered vehicles are spun in one direction, while the ride as a whole spins in the opposite direction.
Dunleavy is a graduate of the University of Maine School of Law, which he attended on scholarship.
The Boatman's Call is the tenth studio album by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, released in 1997.
Riversimple was founded by former motorsport engineer and racing driver Hugo Spowers.
She uses photographs and photocollages in her books to illustrate vibrant stories about young children.
Tom Tavares-Finson (born 7 July 1953) is a Jamaican attorney-at-law and a member of the Senate of Jamaica.
Dog-baiting is the setting of game dogs against a chained or confined animal as a bloodsport.
It links the Piangil line to the Robinvale and Kulwin lines.
Bonita M. Bergin (also known as Bonnie Bergin) is an American canine researcher.
It includes a list of daily newspapers, weekly and specialty newspapers, community newspapers and magazines published in Trinidad and Tobago.
Ghulam Ali Asghar Khan Lahry is a Pakistani politician who is member-elect of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab.
The municipality was established on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Parcoul and Chenaud.
The frescos currently appear in apse are the reproduction of the original.
He also wrote a book of poetry called Two Colloquies (1949) and The Return of Arthur: Merlin (1951).
Xoria is a genus of moths of the family Noctuidae.
Ruardean is a village in the Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire, England, to the west of Cinderford.
Instead of undergoing another revision, they were put on sidings in Glarus and were not used any more.
Tanisha Thomas (born August 28, 1985) is an American reality television personality.
Christopher L. "Chris" Hoke (born April 6, 1976) is a former American football defensive lineman in the National Football League.
David McDonald Norman Jr. (born May 6, 1962) is a former long-time Canadian soccer player as a defensive midfielder.
Mimainiai is a village in Jonava district municipality, in Kaunas County, in central Lithuania.
The Pipeline Open Data Standard (PODS) database is a reporting tool for pipeline projects.
Warstic's core products consist of baseball and softball hard and soft goods for hitting.
He stars alongside regular players Sid James, Charles Hawtrey, Joan Sims, Terry Scott and Bernard Bresslaw.
Mdlalose was the branch president of the ANC Youth League.
The series was produced by Joe Bodolai and Sandra Faire.
As a concert venue, the Coliseum can seat nearly 9,100.
In addition to her musical endeavors, Hills also acts on the live stage.
Gainesville is a city in and the county seat of Cooke County, Texas, United States.
Almost every activity humans do involves burning one of these fossil fuels.
She was born on 29 July to actors Inamul Haq and Lucky Inam and is married to Litu Anam.
Zimmermanniella is a genus of fungi in the family Phyllachoraceae.
The EP preceded by a few months her fifth full studio album, Compostela.
After the checkered flag, the infuriated Minassian proceeded to brake-test Bentwood to a halt and hurl gravel towards the Englishman.
On the council, he represented the Shankill ward, and chaired the Baths and Lodging House Committee.
The album debuted at number thirty-six on the U.S. Billboard 200, selling 18,000 copies in its first week.
Robert E.M. Nourse is an entrepreneur and former President and CEO of The Bombay Company.
For a more in-depth look, visit the individual character's page.
The album was released on November 20, 2001, by Epic Records and SME Records.
The federal government also has standards with respect to hate publications in federal laws relating to broadcasting.
The district serves the city of Geneva and its surrounding townships and villages.
In 2010, Betty Rides is expanding their product line to women's specific snowboards.
Common names include ocote chino, pino amarillo, pino avellano, Mexican yellow pine, egg-cone pine and hazelnut pine.
Currently, climate resilience efforts encompass social, economic, technological, and political strategies that are being implemented at all scales of society.
Arimilli moved with his family to the United States from Andhra Pradesh, India, in 1969.
The show ended on December 16, 1995, with a total of five seasons and 52 episodes.
At some weddings, place cards can double as the menu for the food that is served at the wedding.
Judith Plaskow (born March 14, 1947 in Brooklyn) is Professor of Religious Studies at Manhattan College.
Making false accusations and the general distrust of others also frequently accompany paranoia.
Ganskiy is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon.
Colombia competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.
Scouts and campers use lashings to build camp gadgets and improve their campsites for comfort and convenience.
Closely related to his work on phylogenetic inference is his introduction of methods for making statistically independent comparisons using phylogenies.
He signed with the West Texas Roughnecks of the Indoor Football League in 2010.
First, their small cross section to length ratio allows them to move into, and maneuver through, tight spaces.
In molecular biology the fructosamine kinase family is a family of enzymes.
As acknowledged by the musicians themselves "Temporal Analogs of Paradise" is probably the most representative recording of the group.
It peaked at number 13 on the ARIA Singles Chart and number seven on the ARIA Urban Singles Chart.
It was contested by the hosts Kenya and Sudan to determine the winner of the 2013 CECAFA Cup.
Enaretta acaciarum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Collapsing Under the Weight of God is the third studio album by the band Sculptured.
At the 1904 Summer Olympics, five fencing events were contested, all for men only.
The Oilers finished first in the league, though the Chicks were the league champions, winning the league's playoff series.
In the region, INRR connects with CSX, Canadian Pacific, and Canadian National Railway.
Spades is a trick-taking card game devised in the United States in the 1930s.
William Merriam was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
This article is a summary of 1961 in Canadian television.
The album was certified Gold on November 13, by the RIAA, giving Streisand her 51st Gold record in the US.
The novel was nominated for an Edgar Allan Poe Award.
Produced by NBCUniversal, Friday Night Lights premiered on October 3, 2006, and aired for two seasons on NBC.
The group is also the host unit at Hanscom Air Force Base.
Drepanocerus is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
The first new number-one single of the year was "Jack Your Body" by Steve "Silk" Hurley.
This article lists events related to rail transport that occurred in 1886.
It was also known as Wilder Battery and Rigby's Battery.
Thiessen is a lunar impact crater that lies in the far northern latitudes, on the far side of the Moon.
It was lost in 1933 during preparations for a private, long distance flight.
This is a list of alternates to a full basic income that have been implemented or proposed.
The Midouze (Occitan: Midosa), is a right tributary of the Adour river, in the Landes, in the Southwest of France.
He was born in Vaikom, the famous temple town in Kottayam district, as the son of Sri.
It later housed the local chapter of the Veterans of Foreign Wars and is now a local history museum.
Copies of the film are held at the Library of Congress and the BFI British Film Institute.
When Tiger was an independent company, Tiger Electronics Inc., its headquarters were in Vernon Hills, Illinois.
Hesperocorixa moesta is a species of water boatman in the family Corixidae in the order Hemiptera.
Brosten (born May 15, 1943 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American Emmy Award-winning screenwriter for television.
It lies along the Beira Corridor between Harare in Zimbabwe and Beira, Mozambique's second-largest city.
So far all CCC meetings have been held in Germany.
For a time, Narita was one of the Managing Directors of Mitsui Engineering and Shipbuilding Co. in the 1990s.
From 2006 to 2007, he held the Roy Acuff Chair of Excellence at Austin Peay State University.
Off-field analytics essentially uses data to help rightsholders take better decisions that would lead to higher growth and increased profitability.
The game was well known for its large board size and large playing pieces.
He has competed in EliteXC, ShoXC, and Bellator, and is the former Bellator Bantamweight World Champion.
Acts that are intra vires may equivalently be termed "valid" and those that are ultra vires "invalid".
Karen W. Pane is the former Assistant Secretary for Policy and Planning at the Department of Veterans Affairs.
He died on 6 August 1863 and was succeeded by his second son Nripendra Narayan.
Eagle Air was an airline from Sierra Leone, existing from 2006 to 2016.
The couple brought a judicial review to challenge Northern Ireland's discrimination against humanists.
Solomon cites this as the most important and sonically diverse project he has ever worked on.
In 2018, he ran again for Land Commissioner, losing to incumbent George P. Bush in the Republican primary.
Smith's Grain and Feed Store is a historic feed store located at Elnora, Saratoga County, New York.
The people of the Crusader states were generally referred to as "Latins ".
The adjacent areas of West Sussex are Southwick and Fishersgate with Fishersgate occurring south of the railway line.
She has portrayed Rebecca White in the ITV soap opera Emmerdale since October 2016.
He served as a Director of Cinemark Inc. since 1987.
He made his debut in the twenty-four point win against Fremantle in round 18, 2016 at Metricon Stadium.
Adam Langer (born 1967) is an American author best known for his novel Crossing California, which was published in 2004.
Social amnesia is a collective forgetting by a group of people.
Wray was a national title holder in 1929 and helped establish the Tasman Cup competition with New Zealand.
Newlands has also played for Scotland's national rugby sevens team, as well as for Scotland A in the Churchill Cup.
Gatens is an Australian academic, feminist philosopher and current Challis Professor of Philosophy at the University of Sydney.
The game is officially licensed from the National Hockey League and the NHL Players' Association.
Mike Gard was elected as his replacement on 15 July.
The Schaghticoke Formation is a geologic formation in New York.
Francis Laurent (born 6 January 1986) is a French footballer who last played for FC Chambly.
Grupo Desportivo Interclube, usually known as Interclube or Inter de Luanda, is an Angolan football club based in Luanda.
The competence center is located in Oberdorf at Stans, Canton of Nidwalden.
CCDs are not governmental units and have no legal or governmental functions.
2006 1000 Guineas Stakes was a horse race held at Newmarket Racecourse on Sunday 7 May 2006.
Wonderful is Adam Ant's fifth solo studio album and the eighth LP overall of his career.
Grand Finals are held in Smart-Araneta Coliseum, Quezon City, Philippines.
A second Sammy White's bowling alley was on the V.F.W. Parkway near the Boston/Dedham line.
He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the eleventh round of the 1982 NFL Draft.
Construction began on the Center, which opened on June 12, 1980.
The Nighthawks played the remainder of their home season at the Baltimore Lutheran School in Towson.
The 1999 Kids' Choice Awards was the 12th annual edition of the awards on May 1, 1999.
The bulls are known for strength and endurance and the cows are moderate milk yielders.
As well as playing guitar in these bands, he has released two solo albums.
After a major illness in 1954, he redirected his energies from Vatican clergy to the concerns of lay people.
The book chronicles Marshall's experience after being diagnosed with a non-malignant tumor, and details her journey back to health.
The series is based on the novel written by Filipino romance author, Heart Yngrid.
Tocha was one of the 77 woredas in the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region of Ethiopia.
At the time, the band members couldn't stand each other, Dan even spitting on Brendan on stage.
Michelle Gorgone (born October 18, 1983) is an American snowboarder who has competed since 1999.
Joseph Freeman Farm is a historic farm complex and national historic district located near Gates, Gates County, North Carolina.
The Tapps Coat of Arms: Azure a fesse or between three rhinoceroses argent with three scallops gules on the fesse.
They are surrounded by the Beroms, Mwaghavul in Mangu, Anaguta and Irigwe peoples.
Bass Lake is a lake in the U.S. state of Washington.
David Michael Palliser FSA (born September 1939) is emeritus professor of medieval history at the University of Leeds.
Natural and artificial flavors are used for manufacturing flavored and edible warming lubricants.
Shelby County Schools is the school district of Shelby County, Alabama.
Ladigesocypris irideus is the other member of the genus according to Fishbase.
The grounds are also home to the local Government administration, The Northern Ireland Assembly.
Lopez is the author of six books and thousands of articles.
Especially the male Pellenes seriatus and P. lapponicus frontally look very similar to Hasarius adansoni.
In 1992 she began working for Cardiff based Admiral Group and where she launched price comparison site Confused.com.
The temple is located in Sireh Deori Bazar opposite the palace gate.
He then signed with the Houston Texans during the 2013 NFL offseason, subsequently released.
The track peaked at number thirty-two on Billboard's Hot Dance Club Play chart.
This drive is primal and is the single force that leads to exploration.
Attractions along University City's outskirts include Charlotte Motor Speedway and Concord Mills Mall.
It was released in September 2006 as the second single from his album Dangerous Man.
The band took its name from Nora Diniro, a character from the film Pump Up the Volume.
From 1995 to 2004, Kentucky dominated the MAC going 44-13-4 (.754) in conference during that time.
The school operates nursery, primary, secondary and sixth form departments for pupils ages 3 to 19.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 17, 2015.
The term was then adopted by webmasters and web-developers to Google's algorithm update of April 21, 2015.
The DVD also has candid interviews with Bazan about his family, music, and life on tour.
He was recruited by the club with the second pick in the 2011 rookie draft.
Nsenlwa is a village in the Peren district of Nagaland, India.
Sumter first opened in 1965 and has a maximum capacity of 1639 prisoners.
Entitled Questo buio feroce, it debuted in Rome on October 3, 2006.
The concert contained an audience of 25,000 people, the greatest number of people to ever attend the arena.
The album was initially released in a limited edition glossy slipcase featuring the band logo embroidered onto it.
It is available on the App Store, Google Play and the Amazon Appstore.
Its apparent magnitude is 4.83 and it is approximately 730 light years away based on parallax.
The Mitchel Athletic Complex is part of the Mitchel Field complex, located in Uniondale, New York in the United States.
It formed part of Indian III Corps in the Malaya Command during the Battle of Malaya.
On 1 May 2010 it became part of the new Amsterdam Zuid borough.
Archive for Mathematical Logic is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by Springer Science+Business Media.
Gymnobela lanceata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
It has been used to host staged Indian epics and classical concerts to western operas and ballets.
Create by Wladimir Palma Saa Jaramillo in Basel - Switzerland 2004.
He left office after the 2015 elections, serving six years.
He was made Viscount Kilcoursie, in the King's County, at the same time, also in the Peerage of Ireland.
Can't Do That on Stage Anymore, Vol. 3 by Frank Zappa.
His mobile research led to a series of class-action lawsuits against the companies and a privacy hearing on Capitol Hill.
At a distance of just 10 kilometers from Allahabad, the village almost finds itself in the main city.
The event was one of the bloodiest of 1972, the deadliest year of The Troubles.
There are several synonyms that refer to human positioning, often used interchangeably, but having specific nuances of meaning.
Djibril Coulibaly (born 11 August 1987) is a Malian professional footballer who plays as a forward for CO de Bamako.
Fitted carpet, also wall-to-wall carpet or carpeting, is a carpet intended to cover a floor entirely.
On "datpiff.com" it says that the mixtape is under the alias Serv 4000, which is one of Mr. Serv-On's aliases.
The Eugene Saturday Market is an outdoor craft market in Eugene, Oregon.
It is an unofficial sequel to Ouija and Ouija: Origin of Evil made by Blumhouse Productions.
It is primarily a developer and provider of audio enhancement technologies for entertainment and communications devices and software.
These objects include precious metals such as gold and silver, and semi-precious stones, namely lapis lazuli and carnelian.
Paul Powell (born 30 June 1978) is an English former professional footballer.
Two editions of the album were released on February 4, 2015.
In 1968, the company's estimated business brought in over $1.5 million and its plant space was 25,000 square feet.
Members accept the hierarchy and ownership is not vested in individuals, but rather groups.
The mills were principally in the south Lancashire and Stockport areas, where Pear Mill, Bredbury was a notable building.
In general, Black should place his king in the path of the pawn to try to prevent its promotion.
Hill, Evans & Co Ltd were vinegar manufacturers based in Worcester, England.
All passenger carriages operating under the Victorian Railways were painted a deep red, with black underframes and white lettering.
The first robot to inflict enough damage to cause his opponent's head to pop up is declared the winner.
He was a native of Assisi and was one of Francis's first companions, becoming his secretary and confessor.
Bulbophyllum arcuatilabium is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
Also, while LimeWire is completely written in Java, the GUI of Cabos was written in REALbasic.
It is permanently enshrined at the Minor Basilica of the Most Sweet Name of Mary.
It is a monotypic genus that contains the single species Osteina obducta.
That proved politically unfeasible, and the Navy and Air Force withdrew from Project STORMFURY.
The procedure is then called the auxiliary field Monte Carlo method.
This is a list of heads of state, heads of governments, and other rulers in the year 1099.
Mastixia macrophylla is a species of plant in the Nyssaceae family.
It has a hard, roughly triangular snout, smooth body with star-based thorns around eyes, in tail and elsewhere.
Similar glue was previously identified in Egypt, but that found in Nahal Hemar was twice as old.
By comparison, neighboring country Japan is ranked much higher, at 20th place.
It currently airs in Canada on Independent Film Channel and Canal Vie.
In 1998, he took over from Ken Rowlands as the Welsh Director of Refereeing, a post he held until 2003.
Lane Park is a large park located in Birmingham, Alabama.
See semiconductor device modeling for a description of modeling devices from dopant profiles.
Planodes stratus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
The school hosts a Health Occupations Students of America chapter.
Most species eat plankton which they filter from the water with their gill rakers.
There were only two candidates, both Conservatives, and so they were elected unopposed.
It was released on 1 April 2011 through Lookout Mountain Records and reached number 11 on the Irish Albums Chart.
Numerous recordings have appeared and he has recorded for Sony Classical.
The Palm Springs Police Department (PSDP) is the agency responsible for law enforcement within the city of Palm Springs, California.
The Buddha Statue of Hyderabad is a monolith located in India.
The technology is currently approved for use in Australia, Europe, Britain, Mexico, Canada and China.
Thou Art Dead was an original platformer, reminiscent of Castlevania and the Ghosts 'n Goblins series.
It is located north of Big Lagoon and west of Pensacola.
The red myotis (Myotis ruber), is a vesper bat species found in Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay.
It can invade a store of chickpeas and infest 100% of the seeds.
In 1792, he became lieutenant for the county of Dundas and a member of the Legislative Council of Upper Canada.
One of the most important criteria in choosing a site to start a business is the geographical location.
The initial line-up included Jenni Falconer, Mark Wright, and Jason Donovan.
This computer forms the basis of an improved Spectrum-compatible machine, the Spectrum SE.
It is known from the sponge beds at Barrou, France.
When it is formed between layers in a layered rock mass, it is called a "sill".
The following lists events that happened in 2015 in Turkey.
Samareh Hashemi resigning from the election commission a "few months later in the summer of 2007."
Chennai Om Sri Skandashramam is a Hindu temple dedicated to the deity Murugan (Swaminatha Swami) in Chennai, India.
Johnston Heights Secondary is a public high school in Surrey, British Columbia and is part of School District 36 Surrey.
For electoral purposes it comprises Stanground South and Fletton & Stanground wards in North West Cambridgeshire constituency.
An arrest warrant was also issued for his British accomplice, Dane Alexander Lloyd.
Preserve is an American sustainable consumer goods company that creates recyclable household products from recycled No.5 polypropylene plastic.
To Kati (The Something) is an album by popular Greek artist Katy Garbi.
Kahala watermill from 19th century was moved to Estonian Open Air Museum in Tallinn in 1962.
It is also a temporary home stadium and club training center for Goyang Dinos.
Folta has been active as a science communicator since 2002, especially relating to biotechnology.
Founded in 2003, the club plays in the K League 1, the top flight of South Korean football.
This Ole House is a 1980 album by Welsh rock and roll singer Shakin' Stevens.
Lulu is a 1917 German silent film directed by Alexander Antalffy and starring Erna Morena, Adolf Klein and Harry Liedtke.
Muricodrupa is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
The journal was published in large part to generate wider support for the South Sudanese cause.
The series starred Phil Silvers as Master Sergeant Ernest G. Bilko of the United States Army.
Nello L. Teer Company was a privately owned General Contracting firm founded in 1909 by Nello Leguy Teer.
During the 1990s, she was a contributing editor of the Sunday Herald and an assistant editor of The Scotsman.
Since then, the song has reached the peak position on the Billboard Hot 100 at number 68.
This improved fuel economy and allowed the use of low-octane petrol without causing engine damage caused by knock.
In 2003 as a 13-year-old she had emigrated to Singapore.
Prof Kurien was never in list of accused in Suryanelli case originally.
The Golden Horse Award for Best Feature Film is given at the Golden Horse Awards.
The album title comes from a track from their 1985 album Under Lock and Key.
For A Reason is the fourth studio album by Scottish rock band the View, released on 9 July 2012.
Most of the species are markedly territorial both in their summer and winter quarters.
The Georgia General Assembly compensated Harrison with a one million dollar sum payable as an annuity over twenty years.
Lophonotidia is a genus of moths of the family Noctuidae.
Graves County comprises the Mayfield, KY Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the Paducah-Mayfield, KY-IL Combined Statistical Area.
Vincenz Mayer (born September 27, 1990) is a German professional ice hockey player.
Karen Petrie is a British computer scientist specializing in the area of constraints programming.
It is a rough audience recording, "[...] that we feel captures the atmosphere of the Grindcrusher Tour".
Jordan Township takes its name from the community of Jordan, Missouri.
A short time after succeeding as Abbot of Stavelot, Agilulfus became Bishop of Cologne.
Part of the line, from Edinburgh to Tweedbank, reopened in September 2015.
It was designed by Giovanni Battista Foggini and completed in 1693.
They released, another extended play, Conditions, in 2011, with Dreamt Records.
It took place in Bercuit, Belgium between 16 and 22 July 2012.
Domain Dommelhof is an institution of the province Limburg (Belgium) in Belgium for culture, performing arts, and sports.
Chula Vista Futbol Club is an American soccer club from Chula Vista, California.
Although it never flew, it was notable for being the first aircraft designed by Horace Short.
This highly territorial breed is used to guard villages, property and livestock and to hunt any available game.
Calliostoma grohi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calliostomatidae.
The movie was dubbed in Hindi as "Rakhwala No. 1". .
The larva live in a dense white silken tunnel on the leaves of their host.
It is based on the French and Indian War of 1754-1763.
It aired in the United States on the Sci Fi Channel on September 16, 2007.
Ruby Dee and Linda Lavin provide voices for the animated characters.
The Sturt MHA Richard Andrews resigned on 18 January 1870.
The United Kingdom Collaboration for a Digital Repository (UKCDR) was a software design project.
It is structurally similar to acetone; however, its reactivity is markedly different.
2016 Challenger Banque Nationale de Granby was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.
The M152 is a twin-turbocharged V8 engine produced by Mercedes-Benz from 2012 to 2015.
The EP is a follow-up companion to her debut album, Animal.
The 2017 Arkansas Razorbacks football team represented the University of Arkansas in the 2017 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
His first major success was the "Minnezika" a 38 ft.
During World War II, the industrial town of Essen, was a target of Allied strategic bombing.
Yindam is a village in Chipwi Township in Myitkyina District in the Kachin State of north-eastern Burma.
He helped create the current resurge of Rubik's Cube enthusiasm by organizing international competitions.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 750 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
The band has gained widespread recognition based on a series of critically acclaimed albums and extensive international touring.
The Community Health Accreditation Program (CHAP) is a national, independent, U.S. not-for-profit accrediting body for community-based health care organizations.
Bulbophyllum subtrilobatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
Upon successful completion of these steps, the installed files are merged into the live system, outside the sandbox.
A justice and public safety practitioner is an American public service job role.
Roomrama is the de facto national anthem of the Assyrian people.
WSYL (1490 AM) is a radio station owned by Neal Ardman, through licensee NIA Broadcasting, Inc.
Kelly gained a photo shoot in Playboy in which she could show off her newly gained femininity.
2017 Men's Volleyball Pro Challenge was the 7th season of the League since its establishment in 2011.
This proximity hints at a mechanism for gene regulation that gabT RNAs might effect.
In December 2015, Maker became a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company.
Through co-promotion, a collaborative strategy, the consumer attraction is increased.
On May 11, 2018, Fox canceled the series after two seasons.
Its body was designed by Michelotti in a style similar to the larger Triumph 2000.
This category was one of the first created and has been given out since the award's conception in 1990.
Nototeuthis is a monotypic genus of squid, from the family Neoteuthidae, its only species is Nototeuthis dimegacotyle .
Jesus Paesch (born 10 September 1986) is a football (soccer) player and member of the Aruba national football team.
He was instrumental in resuscitating the island's critical banana industry which had been decimated by Hurricane David.
Nizhegorodsky District is the name of several districts in Russia.
It is located in the Pacoima neighborhood of Los Angeles, in the northeastern San Fernando Valley, California.
The title song, Scusa ma ti chiamo amore, is performed by Sugarfree.
He is the younger brother of Yorkshire and England test captain Joe Root.
In 1988 and 1989 Burundian politician Pierre Buyoya named her a member of the Burundian national commission on national unity.
V. Srinivas Goud of Telangana Rashtra Samithi is the current MLA of the constituency.
Born in Coral Gables, Florida, Graham won election to the Florida Legislature after graduating from Harvard Law School.
Cripple Creek was named for the fact livestock frequently became injured crossing the stream.
It was created on 10 July 1782 for the naval commander Edmund Affleck.
He is the son of late politician of Awami League, Ivy Rahman and ex-president of Bangladesh, Zillur Rahman.
Euxesta albitarsis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Tephritidae.
Osteria Ai Pioppi is a restaurant located in Nervesa della Battaglia, Italy.
He has written front-page news for La Repubblica, La Stampa, Rizzoli-Corriere della Sera, Wired, Il Manifesto and others.
Zarqa Nawaz (born 1968 in Liverpool, England) is a Canadian freelance writer, journalist, broadcaster, and filmmaker of Pakistani origin.
It is the only high school in the city of Oakland, Oregon, United States.
Thomas Bushnell, BSG, formerly known as Michael Bushnell (born 1967), is a software developer and Gregorian friar.
If the woman dies as a result of the abortion, the criminal charges are increased by one-third.
Ishwarganj Degree College is a public university-college located in Ishwarganj, Mymensingh near the Kacamatia river in Bangladesh.
On October 20, 1528, Bishop Henry handed over power to Charles of Habsburg.
He played college basketball for the University of New Brunswick.
The musical toured the US in 1995 but did not open on Broadway.
Kavindya Thennakoon (born 1995) is a Sri Lankan community development and youth activist.
In 2005, she received an award for Human Resources Manager of the Year from the Australian Hotels Association.
At club level Cunningham plays with Wolfe Tones na Sionna.
Independent observers questioned whether voter participation had reached 30% and noted that there had been "widespread irregularities".
After one full-length album and four EPs, the band split up in 2003.
Roman Glass St George Football Club is a football club based in the Bristol suburb of St George, Bristol, England.
The Battle of Shenkursk, in January 1919, was a major battle of the Russian Civil War.
From 2006 to 2009, the ride was sponsored by Original Source, and from 2010 by Dr. Pepper.
Features of ethnic federalism have been displayed also in other countries, including Nepal, South Sudan, Pakistan, and the former Yugoslavia.
It was released on August 5, 2016 independently by 2 Chainz.
Perry was re-elected in 2002, 2006, and 2010 serving for 14 years before choosing to retire in 2014.
A refused ballot, or similar alternative, is a choice available to voters in many elections.
He is the Penang State Executive Councilor for Public Works, Utilities and Flood Mitigation.
Calathus rufocastaneus is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that is endemic to the Canary Islands.
He/She works towards the attainment of definite goals, which are in compliance with the goals of the organization.
In 2000 an award known as Best Pop Performance by a Duo/Group with Vocal was presented.
In addition to Grace Stafford, who provides Woody's voice, Dal McKennon guest stars.
The company makes mobility enhancement products for physical therapy and athletic training.
Glenea cyanipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Esther Hill Hawks established what may have been Florida's first integrated school to serve the area.
Leprus intermedius, or Saussure's blue-winged grasshopper, is a species of band-winged grasshopper in the family Acrididae.
When mature it is a tree 10 to 20 meters tall.
The sexes are similar but the adult female is usually less gray above and paler below.
The 16 teams are drawn into four groups of four and each group played a round-robin tournament.
It is a reading and information service for those persons unable to read or easily access information in print.
Simultaneous tightening of credit by the Bank of the United States served to heighten the initial panic.
A series of sea trials began 16 April and were completed 4 June.
There are numerous topologically distinct forms of a pentadecahedron, for example the tetradecagonal pyramid, and tridecagonal prism.
Sara Sosnowy (b. 1957, Texas City, Texas) is an American contemporary artist.
Until 1958 the area was served by Staithes and Hinderwell railway stations.
However, the Feds would finish just 4-14 in front of small crowds, and the 32-year-old McQuilken retired.
Currently little is known about the meaning or origin of this unusual and rare surname.
The High Commission of South Africa in London is the diplomatic mission from South Africa to the United Kingdom.
Four years later it was interrupted due to the German invasion of the Soviet Union.
They also hosted Planet Merrick and Rosso and Super Planet Merrick and Rosso for The Comedy Channel.
He endorses GMP guitars, Hughes and Kettner amplifiers and Dean Markley strings.
Lynne Austin (born April 15, 1961 in Plant City, Florida) is an American model and actress.
Its Head Office is located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, with regional offices in Dubai, Kuwait and the United Kingdom.
Since July 2005, all Green Line trolleys serve this station.
RFK is a 2002 American television film directed by Robert Dornhelm.
Sergey Demyashkevich (born 28 August 1966) is a Belarusian former wrestler who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Launching in 1904, it served with the Portuguese Navy until 1927.
SchlagerTV is a Schlager music television channel aimed at the European and North-American markets which launched in January, 2009.
The 17 volunteer commissioners are appointed by the mayor and city council.
Temporal annotation is the study of how to automatically add semantic information regarding time to natural language documents.
Educational animations are animations produced for the specific purpose of fostering learning.
The Toros del Este (formerly Azucareros del Este) are a baseball team in the Dominican Winter League established in 1983.
Draba serpentina is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name serpentine draba.
It also uses the broader term "impair", rather than "prevent", with respect to the ability to escape.
Gerard Jennissen (born February 22, 1942) is an educator and former politician in Manitoba, Canada.
York Electric Piano (NYEP) (founded in 2003) is an American jazz band created by keyboardist and composer Pat Daugherty.
Ronania is a large genus of moths of the family Noctuidae.
In social living groups, members are likely to compete for access to limited resources and mating opportunities.
Jenelle Lynn Riley (born September 26, 1982) is an American screenwriter, actress, journalist, and producer.
It is located in a district of Estonia's capital, Tallinn, called Maakri.
The tracks were recorded with the Prague Philharmonic Orchestra, conducted by Karl Jenkins.
The school is associated with the Church of England Grimsby Minster, dedicated to St James.
It first aired on 12 December 1999 and was produced for CBBC.
1915 is a 1982 Australian mini series about two friends who wind up serving in World War One.
Ways to Selfdestruction is the first full-length album by the blackened death metal band Crionics.
With his younger brother Robert Drontmann as helmsman, Drontman took the 9th place in the 470 Male.
An electronic datasheet specifies characteristics in a formal structure that allows the information to be processed by a machine.
The Earth Charter Initiative organization exists to promote the Charter.
The system terminated in 1991 when USAF assumed control of all units except for provisional ones.
At the club level, she played for Vasco da Gama.
The first office park opened in Mountain Brook, Alabama, in the early 1950s to avoid racial tension in city centers.
The femoral head (femur head or head of the femur) is the highest part of the thigh bone (femur).
Part of the Electorate of Mainz since the Middle Ages, the place became part of Prussia in 1802.
Kinda Funny is an online entertainment company that produces videos on video game culture, film, television, and comics.
The population was 991 at the 2000 census, and 949 at a 2009 estimate.
This is a list of events in British radio during 2005.
The "forward/return" terminology is also used for spacecraft command and telemetry links.
S. macrocarpon originated from West Africa, but is now widely distributed in Central and East Africa.
Croisilles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Cypraecassis rufa is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cassidae.
In February 2008, TicketsNow was acquired by Ticketmaster for $265 million and currently operates as a wholly owned, independently-operated subsidiary.
Mirage Men is about how the US government used mythology to cover up their advanced technology.
The Emerging Sources Citation Index is a citation index produced since 2015 by Thomson Reuters, and now by Clarivate Analytics.
ASA is a Norway-based company primarily engaged in fishing industry.
The Outlaws regularly post the highest attendance in the league.
The Arizona Raider is a 1948 Western starring Tim Holt and his father Jack, the only movie where they co-starred.
He was the Governor of Karnataka, India from 16 April 1983 to 25 February 1988.
The album cover art features Charles M. Schulz's Peanuts cartoon of Snoopy on saxophone and Schroeder on piano.
It was laid out in the early 18th century as one of Bristol's first suburbs.
Helmut Lotti (born Helmut Barthold Johannes Alma Lotigiers on 22 October 1969), is a Belgian tenor and singer-songwriter.
It was the first release on the hardcore punk specialist label, Blackout Records and was released in 1989.
It is the main municipal, administrative, and commercial center of the district and the site of the district headquarters.
According to the Dictionary of the Fungi (10th edition, 2008), the genus contains 82 species.
A total of 159 Canadian Forces personnel have been killed in the war since 2002.
This article records significant discoveries and events related to paleontology that occurred or were published in the year 1890.
It was released via Matador Records on March 10, 1998.
Darker minerals typically tend to contain more of relatively heavy elements, notably iron, magnesium, and calcium.
The Turks were routed with significant losses though the Italians reported that only seven of their men were wounded.
Mordellistena erythreana is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus, which is in the Mordellidae family.
The football team even made an appearance in the 1951 Gator Bowl against Wyoming.
The Custos Rotulorum of Mayo was the highest civil officer in County Mayo.
It was the center of a large parish with complex boundaries and scattered settlements.
Along with action skill, it is an essential component of any reward-directed skills.
Sam Gold was the second Bridge Life Master in Canada.
They are used extensively in agriculture, as well as in home and garden centers.
When installing the strip, it inserts just above the pool liner bead.
Table tennis at the 2004 Summer Olympics took place in the Galatsi Olympic Hall with 172 competitors in 4 events.
The point of confluence is a sacred place for Hindus.
River (also known as the West River), surrounded by low rolling hills, colloquially referred to as the Bonshaw Hills.
Eastvale is a borough in Beaver County, Pennsylvania, United States.
The newscast was broadcast from London, England, and was produced by Independent Television News.
It is endemic to Alabama and Mississippi, and is listed as Near Threatened on the IUCN Red List.
He is also a co-creator and co-writer of the television series Eagleheart (TV series).
Cyrus Fees (born March 15, 1982) is a television and media personality based in The United States of America (USA).
Songs by Beehive have been licensed by MTV shows such as Cheyenne, The Real World and Road Rules.
Email subscribers and website visitors discuss its research articles at the journal's Twitter feed.
Vandal was an American glam metal band from Chicago, Illinois, formed in the mid 1980s (1984).
The success of the film lead to two sequels titled Money Money (1995) and Money Money, More Money (2011).
Ashley Matthew Hunter (born 29 September 1995) is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for Fleetwood Town.
Terry Johnson (born November 3, 1956) is a Republican member of the Ohio House of Representatives for the 90th district.
These task groups are thus fundamental to the implementation of the IDDC objectives.
Cracovia Club is a Polish Australian community organization based in Bennett Springs, Western Australia.
William H. Franklin was its first minister, serving until 1926.
This is a list of the Indiana state historical markers in Washington County.
During their career, the band sold over 500,000 records in Finland.
Lindsey Paige Pluimer (born July 3, 1986) is an American former professional basketball player.
In cricket he played as a left-handed batsman and wicket-keeper for the BVI national team.
Grinau is a municipality in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
On 15 June 1989 the third direct elections to the European Parliament were held in the France.
The agency's Greensboro office is located in the Dorothy Bardolph Human Services Center at 301 East Washington Street.
Only about 200 Fender Bass V models were produced, before being discontinued in 1971.
They concern questions in the natural philosophy of the day that interested him.
He is also an active blogger as well as a field correspondent to the vlog Rocketboom.
Antiochus's demoralized army fled and perished from starvation in the desert afterwards.
The name VRUK (capitalized) is also used by Vineyard Records UK.
He is currently a Judge of the Ohio Court of Appeals in the Eighth Appellate District.
This year only 30 candidates were competing for the national crown.
She was former President of the Nutrition Society of India.
Hemiphricta is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
These hazards need to be addressed to ensure that workers are protected while we reap the benefits of this technology.
In fact all these elements date to Hadrian's reign, with the stone wall having been built first.
Garry Hill is an English football manager who was recently the manager of National League club Woking.
Referred to in the media as a technocrat with a clean, non-controversial image, a low-profile leader.
It was the seventh edition of the tournament and was held from March 6 through March 12, 1978.
He helped save the second Test with a crucial second-innings 65 ... and was dropped, this time for good.
Tennessee advanced to the championship series by beating Texas A&M, Arizona, and finally Northwestern.
The American Physical Society (APS) is the world's second largest organization of physicists.
The store was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 18, 1985.
He is a past editor of the International Statistical Review.
Skagerak does not sell electricity to end-users, but is a co-owner in the end-user power company Fjordkraft.
In this type of reactor, the only temperature-limiting materials would be the reactor walls.
Jonathan "Jon" Ford (born September 15, 1972) is a Republican member of the Indiana State Senate, representing District 38.
Black burnished ware 2 (BB2) is a finer, gray-colored, wheel thrown fabric.
The application also allows users to instant message or send virtual gifts to one another.
In 1824, a second group of Yowani received permission from Mexico to establish villages in Texas.
The other truth is that everyone in the movie community is searching for heat.
It is calculated using a points system and published following major World Archery tournaments.
She is a member of the Cameroon women's national volleyball team and played for Bafia Evolution in 2014.
An Exhibition is the fifth published novel of Bernard Malamud.
The Radien chassis is also based on the Ski-Doo chassis, but it's made shorter, lighter and smaller.
The following list includes all of the Canadian Register of Historic Places listings in East Kootenay Regional District, British Columbia.
Steele was the largest campus supercomputer in the Big Ten outside a national center when built.
The average white student is likely to attend a school where 81% of the students are white.
The population was 1,105 at the 2010 census, down from 1,602 in 2000.
As of September 2017, CLS settles 18 currencies, has 79 shareholders, 66 settlement members and 24,000+ third-party clients.
George Ayoub (born 23 October 1963) is an Australian professional rugby union referee.
However, survival skills will no longer be the determining factor to bring the prize home.
Caricature is a book collection of nine comic short stories by Daniel Clowes.
Their name, which designates their occupation, is derived from the same root as the Pushtu word for to graze.
An accordion concerto is a solo concerto for solo accordion and symphony orchestra or chamber orchestra.
An earlier film version starred Gary Cooper and Helen Hayes.
Officials found guilty of illegalities could be publicly reprimanded, fined for damages, or referred to the procurator for prosecution.
This was the last Board of Supervisors election in San Francisco to use the two-round system of elections.
Its 2007-2008 congressional delegation consisted of five Republicans and two Democrats.
The species is endemic to New Guinea, where it lives in the tropical rainforest.
Agathonice was an Ancient city and bishopric in Roman Thrace, which remains a Latin Catholic titular see.
The Kami-Akasaka Castle is a 14th century castle in Osaka, Japan.
Another means of employing microassembler-generated microprograms is in allowing the same hardware to run different instruction sets.
Martin Picard (born November 20, 1966) is a Canadian chef, author and television personality.
His mother was born in India, while his father is a third-generation Australian of Dutch descent.
These crabs were until 2005 included in the Goneplacidae as part of the subfamily Carcinoplacinae.
It is not to be confused with Morningside Avenue, a minor residential road in the Toronto neighborhood of Swansea.
Marta Iren Hidy (January 11, 1927 - November 4, 2010) was a Hungarian Canadian violinist, conductor and music teacher.
In mid-2008, Reece went on tour with his band "Core Elements" to promote his upcoming second album.
Baia was an ancient city and bishopric in the Roman province of Africa Proconsulare.
It was founded in 2001 by a core team of four former Codemasters employees.
Cercle's new head coach De Boeck was quite immediately impressed by Gombami's skills.
Foo Lake is a 4 acre lake in the Chequamegon National Forest in Sawyer County, Wisconsin.
Unusually, the best performing album of 1969 (In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida by Iron Butterfly) did not get to number one.
Usually an ALMO is set up by the authority to manage and improve all or part of its housing stock.
They also removed some of the other combined bus routes and bus routes like the 1CA Connelltown/Josey Hill, 8AA Workmans/Greens/St.
However, the album attracted the interest of record producer Robert John "Mutt" Lange.
In 2015, Sadler had an appearance in the TV series Z Nation.
This article aims to provide a history of the independent air assault battalions not part of air assault brigades.
The fraternity is a section of the Schweizerischer Studentenverein (Swiss Student's Society; SSS).
Nathalie Krieg (born 21 October 1977) is a Swiss former competitive figure skater.
It was also re-released for modern Windows versions on DotEmu.
He formerly served as a Deputy Assistant Attorney General in the Civil Division of the United States Department of Justice.
Dermophis gracilior is a species of amphibian in the Dermophiidae family found in Costa Rica and Panama.
The South Mail was an Australian passenger train that ran from Sydney to Albury and Griffith until May 1985.
It was an early film credit for composer Bill Conti.
Poposauroids went extinct at the end of the Triassic period along with other non-crocodylomorph pseudosuchians.
The Fox has 5,048 seats (5,174 seats if removable seats placed in the raised orchestra pit are included).
He was previously the suffragan Bishop of Basingstoke in the Diocese of Winchester from 2002 to 2009.
Viafara (born January 12, 1990) is a Colombian footballer who plays for Tondela .
The group's primary mission is to provide global reach by conducting air refueling and airlift where and when needed.
Subsequently, he won the 2009 Legislative Assembly by-election from the Kolasla constituency as an independent.
During the 2000-01 season, Tammy Lee Shewchuk led the NCAA in assists per game with 1.48.
USS Curtis Wilbur (DDG-54) is the fourth Arleigh Burke-class guided missile destroyer.
Design goals envisioned a 300-passenger capacity with a 5,000 nautical mile range.
The third Baronet was Member of Parliament for Dunwich and Suffolk.
It was included at number 76 on Fact magazine's list of "The 100 Best Albums of the 1980s".
2012 Asian Women's Volleyball Cup was held at the Baluan Sholak Palace of Culture and Sports, in Almaty, Kazakhstan.
Derwentia was a genus of flowering plants that is endemic to Australia.
The title of the album alludes to Mozart's famous work Don Giovanni.
He competed in the decathlon at the 2012 Summer Olympics, finishing 8th.
Foldberg served as an infantry officer in the Korean and Vietnam Wars.
It was a major commercial success on release, and helped to cement Pulver's reputation as a leading star.
He is involved in productions for Funimation and ADV Films (now Seraphim Digital and Sentai Filmworks) in Texas.
The Japanese angelfish or Japanese pygmy angelfish (Centropyge interrupta) is a very rare marine angelfish.
Almay is a cosmetics brand owned by Revlon which markets toward people with sensitive skin.
Judd considers these vices to be the cause of society's ills, including war, indifference, and one's own self-destruction.
Again is a studio album by The Upsetters, released in 1970.
On July 1, 2011 it merged with Malvern to form the East Mills Community School District.
Walter Callander (born 30 May 1947) is a Bahamian sprinter.
Trembraze is a hamlet north of Liskeard, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The Moldy Peaches were an indie group founded by Adam Green and Kimya Dawson.
"I Want You" hit #27 in Germany and #84 in the United States.
The music for the film was written by Sanjay Mishra and released as a soundtrack album called Port Djema.
The constitution which it produced was approved in a 1980 plebiscite.
Not to be confused with tauopathy, a class of neurodegenerative diseases.
The building was constructed in the 1930s, as the terminal building for the airport, then known as Speke Aerodrome.
Leandro Romiglio, (born February 11, 1991 in Mar Del Plata) is an Argentinian professional squash player.
Xestoleptura behrensi is a species of flower longhorn in the family of beetles known as Cerambycidae.
It is found in southern Cameroon, Bioko, Gabon, Angola, the Democratic Republic of Congo, western Tanzania and western Zambia.
The President of the Board of Education is Tracy McPherson, and the Superintendent is Dr. William McGlothlin.
In 2004 the refugees were removed from the hotel and offered $7000 per room.
Goodrem is an Australian recording artist, who first became famous for her role as Nina Tucker on Neighbors.
Author and design journalist Phil Patton attributed the word to Holt in 1993 in Esquire magazine.
The term was coined by Eric Evans in his book of the same title.
Leptostylus retrorsus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family.
He is an active member of the Australian Directors Guild.
The two would also star together in These Three and Woman Chases Man.
The pattern is a Selburose which is a traditional rose from the Selbu area.
They were shocked and saddened by the sudden death of Dunford in November 2012.
Lansana Kamara (born 10 June 1992) is a Sierra Leonean international footballer who plays as a midfielder.
New York Women's House of Detention was a women's prison in New York City which existed from 1932 to 1974.
The area extends about 5.5 kilometers northwards from the brook of Svartfjellbekken.
It is the principal political, administrative and commercial center of Luuka District.
The rim of Clausius is low and sharp, with a slightly oval shape that is longer in the north-south direction.
As Wondabyne is a request stop, not all trains stop there.
Morton Independent School District is a public school district based in Morton, Texas (USA).
It peaked at number 8, and is his last top ten hit to date.
The 54th Guksu ran from 26 July 2010 to 14 February 2011.
This article is about the particular significance of the year 1830 to Wales and its people.
Banstali is a village in Chandpur District in the Chittagong Division of eastern Bangladesh.
Kamm's Corners is a neighborhood on the west side of Cleveland, Ohio.
Since 2015, she has been a Senior Research Fellow at All Souls College, Oxford.
Adolph Block is a historic commercial building located in downtown Salem, Oregon, United States.
According to the 2011 Bangladesh census, the village had 752 households and a population of 3,277.
20th Annual Meeting (1930): Ann Arbor, MI hosted by the University of Michigan.
Fusaric acid and analogs also reported as quorum sensing inhibitors.
This Is Spinal Tap, when Spinal Tap arrive to do a gig at a U.S. Air Force base.
The church was renovated in 1973.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
In cryptography, Nimbus is a block cipher invented by Alexis Machado in 2000.
Jill Millstone is a Professor of Chemistry at the University of Pittsburgh.
Two other soldiers, SGT Duncan Domey and SPC Brandon Wilkins, also filmed their entire deployments for the film.
It is near the site of an abandoned military airstrip.
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Buena Vista, Virginia.
In October 2011 Verger announced that she would not run for reelection to the Senate.
On December 3, 2014, the Japanese special edition was released for CD and two days later for digital download.
The band's name comes from the title of a book of short stories by Zenna Henderson, The Anything Box.
Carbon fiber testing is a material science test involving the testing of all carbon fiber containing materials.
Through a series of default bidding, the ring contractor would receive the contract route at an exorbitant high price.
The south front is two storyed with attics and dormers.
Rebecca Ann Heineman (born William Salvador Heineman) is an American video game programmer.
The diagnosis of the disease is complex since there are multiple possible causes.
Diadelia guineensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Much was made that Leonard Nimoy was executive producer, creative consultant and directed the pilot.
The ground doesn't have any floodlights so the stadium can not host day-night matches.
The term "expense ratio" is also a key measure of performance for a nonprofit organization.
Wardensville is located west of the North Mountain range, which separates it from the Shenandoah Valley.
Donald A. Luscombe founded the Luscombe aircraft company in 1933, in Kansas City, Missouri.
The film was produced by Fine Arts Film Company and distributed by Triangle Film Corporation.
The Episcopal Church, splitting from the Church of England, came into being in the American Revolution.
David Prouty High School is a public high school located in Spencer, Massachusetts.
Atoka is a city in, and the county seat of, Atoka County, Oklahoma, United States.
Hannah Camille Roberts (born August 21, 1993) is an American beauty pageant titleholder from Mount Olive, Mississippi.
Trechus amicorum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Trechinae.
Many organized incorporated territories of the United States existed from 1789 to 1959.
He also played three seasons in the Austrian Football League for the Graz Giants.
Ficus benghalensis, commonly known as the banyan, banyan fig and Indian banyan, is a tree native to the Indian Subcontinent.
The building is prominently sited immediately adjacent to Canal Street in eastern Hinsdale.
Aurangzeb and the Mughal army had successfully conquered two Muslim kingdoms: Nizams of Ahmednagar and the Adilshahis of Bijapur.
The manuscript was held for a nephew, but he proved unreliable and sold it.
Beavis is a former association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.
Subgroup QI10 is part of the anatomical group QI Immunologicals.
He retired as a Professor of International relations from the Jawaharlal Nehru University, Delhi.
Kutcher played four tests for the Australia national women's cricket team.
The holding company is registered in Luxembourg, with principal operating offices in London, Washington DC, Cairo and Amman.
The memorial is located in Valley View Cemetery in Edwardsville, Illinois.
Eurogamer's Tom Bramwell called the game the best original platform game on the Game Boy Advance released in 2002.
Its natural habitats are tropical deciduous and semi-deciduous forests; it also occurs in disturbed habitats that remain relatively closed.
Hyposmocoma modesta is a species of moth of the family Cosmopterigidae.
The Ipswich Boonah Road marks the eastern boundary of the locality.
He was re-elected to his third term in the 1999 Saskatchewan general election winning his largest plurality to date.
He played four matches for the All Blacks but no full internationals.
Habitus of larvae and imagines are, for most genera, illustrated by color photographs.
Kirill Skachkov (6 August 1987, Novokuznetsk) is a male table tennis player from Russia.
Eddie Thompson (May 21, 1917 - April 22, 1943) was a halfback in the Ontario Rugby Football Union.
Belizeans elected 29 members to the House of Representatives for a term of five years.
Most services along the line form part of the Airport & South Line operated by Sydney Trains.
A CIP item is not depreciated until the asset is placed in service.
Kowalsky was first elected to the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan in 1986.
Portland International Raceway in Hayden Meadows has the largest seating capacity (30,000) of any sporting venue in Portland.
Off the floor, Clark is a physical education teacher at Bayview Secondary School in Richmond Hill, Ontario.
It is owned by theater and nightclub proprietor and former Broadway theater producer Leroy Griffith.
Tritonoharpa siphonata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae, the nutmeg snails.
Common symptoms associated with the disease include shortness of breath, cough, chest pain and fever.
But they all say I can't get there from hereThe song reached No. 5 on the Billboard country singles chart.
The event was held from May 19 to May 20 in Riesa, Germany.
Along with crew battles, solo, or 1 on 1 battles, have also gained much popularity around the world.
She is best known as a former member of a British four-piece girl group Neon Jungle.
The use of ferrocrete throughout meant that the construction was relatively quick and was complete by August 1932.
Kamal Kenawi Ali Moustafa (born 6 June 1956) is an Egyptian former swimmer.
Macedonia was represented by 2 athletes at the 2010 European Athletics Championships held in Barcelona, Spain.
Other ways to measure population demographics include the use of historical maps, aerial photographs, and census statistics.
The court found that Julian Amos, John Devine and John Green had exceeded their spending limits.
Mitchell Kealey (born 28 January 1984 in Brisbane, Queensland) is an Australian middle distance runner.
Eastern Harps atoned for the previous year's heavy defeat to Tourlestrane, reversing the result to win their fourth title.
Westport has a post office with ZIP code 40077, which opened on November 29, 1815.
Side effects are similar to the medications being used separately.
The Bank of Montserrat Limited is the only community bank operating in the island of Montserrat.
Cetarthrosaurus is an extinct genus of ichthyosaur known from the eastern United Kingdom.
Salaakhen is a 1975 Hindi movie produced by Parvesh Mehra and directed by A. Salaam.
Padmaraj Ratheesh is an Indian film actor who appears in Malayalam films.
The railway siding was at the back of what is now Bowen's timber yard.
The Studebaker President was the premier automobile model manufactured by the Studebaker Corporation of South Bend, Indiana (US) from 1926-1942.
Endoxylina is a genus of fungi within the class Sordariomycetes.
Last stable GNU version (1.2.3) was released in July 2007 and the software is currently not maintained.
Its works have been distributed by Soundelux and Highbridge Audio.
The magazine was one of the earliest literary vehicles for communication about the United States' "vanishing wilderness."
Vatadages were built around small stupas for their protection, which often enshrined a relic or were built on hallowed ground.
The painting hangs in the Museu Nacional de Arte Antiga in Lisbon.
Michele Radosevich (October 7, 1947) is an American politician and lawyer.
It was released on September 12, 2006 on Traffic Entertainment.
Glenida nudiceps is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Three-fourths of the total development plan is to be financed from national sources, and the remainder from foreign assistance.
Pleurodonte nigrescens is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail, a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pleurodontidae.
She won several National titles in the sport of karate, and was awarded the King's Cup in 2003.
Orsidis privatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Buccinum belcheri is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.
It is a two-story, three part, frame dwelling with Gothic Revival and Classical Revival style detailing.
In addition, Article 134 of the constitution provides for the definition of other public bodies by law.
In 1988 there were 112 picks to be drafted between 14 teams in the national draft.
The white-black tree frog, Hypsiboas alboniger, is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Bolivia.
The LCD Smartie forums are quite active and are the primary source for support and developer discussion.
Through the NBCC, the ABCC is part of the Baptist World Alliance (BWA).
Oxyopes takobius is a species of spiders in the genus Oxyopes of the lynx spider family, Oxyopidae.
Canillejas is an ancient village of Madrid, Spain, lying to the east of the city.
Sir Andrew George Lindsay Nicol (born 9 May 1951), styled The Hon.
Venice had critically important economic ties with the empire, but it was in schism with Rome.
Parzac is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
I (r. c. 319-335 or 319-350 CE) was a king of the Gupta dynasty, who ruled in northern India.
However, on 18 May 2016, the Governor ordered all civil registries in the state to stop marrying same-sex couples.
The Morning Bulletin is a daily newspaper servicing the city of Rockhampton and the surrounding areas of Central Queensland, Australia.
It is managed by Cambridge City Council and the City Greenways Project.
In 2010 McCuller joined the Troubadour Reunion Tour supporting James Taylor and Carole King.
He currently serves as professor and chairman of the Department of Radiation Oncology at Emory University School of Medicine.
From 1961 to 1963, Wahaka was assigned to Naval Station Rota at Rota, Spain.
This is a list of candidates who stood for the 1960 Queensland state election.
The film stars Lucille Ball, John Agar, Patricia Medina, George Tobias, Raymond Burr, Gregory Gaye, Rick Vallin and Gary Klein.
Thirty-seven four-wicket hauls have been taken in the competition, twelve of which were taken in fewer than four overs.
It is sometimes accompanied with eba, rice or pounded yam.
It is located in the capital city of Raipur, Chhattisgarh.
Nano-thermites contain an oxidizer and a reducing agent, which are intimately mixed on the nanometer scale.
Her keel was laid down in 1916 at Lynn, Massachusetts, by Britt Brothers.
They are also referred to as I Dirotta su Cuba.
In 2017 it was announced Norton's next film will be Wendigosis, a feature length horror film.
Laurent Bernier (born 22 December 1928) is a Canadian former ski jumper who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics.
He is the editor of the Library of America omnibus editions of Cheever's stories and novels.
This is an overview of Women's Suffrage activism and local politics as experienced in Leigh, Lancashire between 1900 and 1914.
High School and worked as a bank teller for Key Bank before her Playboy appearance.
It is located roughly five miles east of the city of Cullman in northern Alabama.
Awadh Al-Sameer (born 6 May 1961) is an Omani long-distance runner.
He spent most of his early coaching days as a coach with the Football Association of Malaysia in Wisma FAM.
Mark Lionel Furner (born 11 April 1958) is an Australian politician.
Curse of the Spawn is a spin-off of the popular Spawn comic book by Todd McFarlane.
Peterson is a regular speaker at the UCLA Anderson School of Management and his financial writings are widely published.
Conakrya is a genus of spiders in the Pisauridae family.
What Mad Universe is a science fiction novel, written in 1949 by the American author Fredric Brown.
The variability increases with decreasing wavelength, thus they are more obviously variable in ultraviolet spectrum than visible light.
Allan Mukuka (born 5 August 1987 in Zambia) is a Zambian football (soccer) player who plays as a Midfielder.
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2906 people living in 523 individual households.
The project is implemented by the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA).
Plant stems and other three-dimensional plant structures do not preserve as well under compression.
Egan Walker is a judge in the General Jurisdiction of the Second Judicial District Court of the State of Nevada.
It opened under another name in the 1920s, and received its current name in 1957.
She is also called Maria, Mama Maria, Maria David, Maria Fontaine, and Queen Maria.
Rogers has authored more than five plays, including Oslo, Blood and Gifts, The Overwhelming, White People, and Madagascar.
It is a free tool to assist public sector organizations to improve their performance.
Russell was the grandfather of singer Tammy Wynette (Virginia Wynette Pugh), whose father died when she was nine months old.
It was the last original play by Odets produced in his lifetime.
Legally, they are known as SSA KH Podhale Nowy Targ, and TatrySki Podhale Nowy Targ for sponsorship reasons.
Richland Creek was so named on account of the fertile soil along its course.
Her second year at Stanford she was awarded the Stanford University Creative Writing Fellowship, (now the Wallace Stegner Fellowship), 1952-1953.
The campaign's message of acceptance and equality reached more than a billion people.
She made her debut for the Republic of Ireland women's national football team in November 2015.
Lukow was awarded the Iraq Campaign Medal, Purple Heart and National Defense Service Medal.
On both releases, the track was released as a double A-side with the Summertime!
Schleicher County is a county located on the Edwards Plateau in the U.S. state of Texas.
Family Fodder is a post-punk group revolving around songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, composer/producer, and guitarist/keyboard player Alig Fodder.
Launched in 1866, Fry's Chocolate Cream is the first mass-produced chocolate bar.
The book includes a brief essay on "How to Weigh Information" in the back matter.
In the twenty-first century Scotland has continued to produce influential artists such as Douglas Gordon and Susan Philipsz.
The fiber production process is generally referred to as "spinning".
Choo Soo-Hyun (born March 5, 1988) is a South Korean actress.
However, the Faculty of Science, University of Sarajevo oversaw organization, activities, management, administrative service and accommodation of the movement.
According to an interview in Terrorizer magazine, this is their last album on the Relapse Records label.
The official student supporter group is known as the Rowdy Rams.
Anting is a self-anointing behavior during which birds rub insects, usually ants, on their feathers and skin.
New Bhuj is a town Kachchh District of Gujarat, India.
Quantcast File System (QFS) is an open-source distributed file system software package for large-scale MapReduce or other batch-processing workloads.
Many railways in Italy were nationalized in 1905 but the Ferrovia Alta Valtellina escaped and was not nationalized until 1970.
The gens was originally patrician, but in later times there were also plebeian members.
Steven I. "Steve" Robman (born September 27, 1944) is an American television and theater director/producer.
By January 2011 the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) estimated that there are 262,900 Sudanese refugees in Chad.
The highest playing team, who competes in the Eredivisie, the highest-level hockey division in the Netherlands, is a professional team.
Jasse Ikonen (born June 13, 1990) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player.
Questions were also raised about the existence of two characters described as survivors.
The Sheffield Hallam by-election of 1928 was held on 16 July 1928.
The show is set in Ahmedabad, and produced by Suzana Ghai.
The 2001 Atlanta Falcons season was the franchise's 36th season in the National Football League (NFL).
They were introduced at the beginning of the show with the introduction of media mogul Bill Spencer Sr.
He appeared in several cult television series, including The Avengers, The Saint, The Champions and Doctor Who.
Her name is a Bengali word for hunter, derived from shikar, "hunt."
The newspaper was a successful local paper, and also served as a vehicle for communicating Hardie's political opinions.
He would later branch out to a successful career in MMA in Pride.
Some reports still describe her condition as a rare form of Proteus Syndrome, but Sellars herself has disputed the diagnosis.
It originated in Italy in the 16th century and usually incorporated geometric patterns.
The earliest cemetery in Omaha is the Mormon Pioneer Cemetery, established in 1846 for residents of Culter's Park.
Puisenval is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
It was critically acclaimed and received a four-starred review in the Financial Times.
San Miguel Airport (IATA: NMG) is an airport serving San Miguel, a town in the Pearl Islands of Panama.
It was released on 27 October 2003 in the UK, and on 4 November in the USA.
She won a 2015 American Songwriting Award for her song, "Fantasy."
Lepidolopha is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.
The 6 million dollar project was completed in the fall of 2007.
Paralympic alpine skiing has been competed at the Winter Paralympic Games since they were first held in 1976.
Narmada Expressway is a proposed eight-lane expressway in the state of Madhya Pradesh.
CR exercise and prevention programs are supported by the American Heart Association and the American College of Cardiology.
Maple Shade is an unincorporated community located within Hamilton Township in Mercer County, New Jersey, United States.
The latter procedure offers the advantages of the on-pump stopped and off-pump while minimizing their respective side-effects.
Female ghost moths are larger than males, and exhibit sexual dimorphism with their differences in size and wing color.
It addresses areas such as early childhood education, health, juvenile justice, child welfare, tax and budget decisions.
Phoenixes have proved an enduring allegorical symbol, symbolizing rebirth, renewal or uniqueness and often appearing in modern popular culture.
The dictyate appears to be an adaptation for efficiently removing damages in germ line DNA by homologous recombinational repair.
The tradition involves the combination of red, white, and black paint in varying configurations along with compositional and morphological characteristics.
Shengwang Du is a professor in the department of physics at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology.
Churchill Brothers S.C. is an Indian professional association football club based in Margao.
In 1931, Ouborg visited Brussels and found himself drawn towards surrealism.
Later it became a target for various acts of vandalism.
Hiltpoltstein is a market village in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.
It is licensed under a minimal version of the Historical Permission Notice and Disclaimer.
The 1972-73 French Rugby Union Championship was contested by 64 teams divided in 8 pools.
Jon Burge, the lodge produced a vote of no-confidence in Weis.
Publicar is a division of Carvajal that publishes and distributes telephone directories free of charge in Colombia.
In particle physics, a calorimeter is an experimental apparatus that measures the energy of particles.
This article contains summaries of characters appearing on the TV series Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip.
The paper functions largely as a community news/announcements publication with numerous classified and display advertisements.
Born in Amritsar in Punjab, India she moved as a child with her parents to England in 1960.
In its final ceremony, M*A*S*H was once again nominated for Outstanding Comedy Series.
It measures approximately 40 kilometers in diameter and has a short rotation period of 4.02 hours for its size.
Due to damage to the houses, the small community was not reoccupied until the 1990s.
He studied at Glasgow School of Art from 1964 to 1966 and from 1968 to 1970.
The film was released on April 25, 1944, by RKO Pictures.
The Electoral Divisions Boundaries Commission released its report after months of public consultation and deliberation.
He was also the Secretary General of CHRO until his death.
More Jewish settlers arrived, but when Catholic priests later arrived, most of the Jewish population assimilated and converted to Catholicism.
The work was the second release on Brian Eno's label Obscure Records, catalog number Obscure no.2.
Sagardighi is about 30 km from Ghatail Upazila headquarters in Tangail District of Bangladesh.
It would be powered by energy supplied from solar panels on the spacecraft.
Harem Scarem is the 1991 self-titled debut album by the Canadian hard rock band of the same name.
Song Yinglan (born 14 September 1975) is a retired female Chinese hurdler in the 400 meters.
Elections to Sheffield City Council were held on 7 May 1987.
She has also worked as a foreign correspondent for The Times and other publications.
Alexandre Bias (born 21 April 1981) is a French rugby union player.
The Spaghetti Bowl was an American football game played in 1945 between military service teams.
His power and influence remained strong, even after most of the Syndicate was destroyed.
It continues to be used as a farmhouse to this day.
Cobra is an unpublished but recorded and frequently performed musical composition by John Zorn.
These methods are sometimes unforeseen by the creator of the game.
Musulj is a village in the municipality of Bosilegrad, Serbia.
The ensemble is a member of the Lesbian and Gay Band Association.
Paul Adams toured semi-professionally with the Barry Skinner Folk Group in his teens.
Locrinus agreed to marry Corineus's daughter Gwendolen, but fell in love instead with Estrildis, a captured German princess.
Smith made a single appearance in first-class cricket for Sheffield against Manchester in 1846 at Hyde Park Ground, Sheffield.
After a successful tour of Zimbabwe they changed the group's name to Harari.
Innocent Hamga (born May 8, 1981 in Edea, Cameroon) is a professional Cameroonian footballer who last plays for Cotonsport Garoua.
Gusserane O'Rahillys were the defending champions after they defeated Glynn-Barntown in the previous years final.
The book was a huge success, the first edition selling out on the first day of publication.
The protein encoded by this gene represents the alpha subunit.
He works in the areas of product, furniture and interior design with studios in Hong Kong and Brussels.
In 2006, Sun did introduce an unrelated "Sun Blade" blade server product line.
Wendy Day's work with the above named artists and independent labels has helped to make multimillionaires of all of them.
It describes the war between the Portland Protective Association (PPA) and the other communities of the Willamette Valley.
Shorea carapae is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family.
In 1948 the street railway was disbanded and the company became solely an electric company.
It is the second installment in the Hidden Expedition series (Hidden Expedition: Titanic, Hidden Expedition: Everest).
It was the 21st in the history of the Northwest Territories of Canada.
It is endemic to California, where it grows in rocky mountainous areas, often on serpentine and volcanic soils.
Kent South (French: Kent-sud) is a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick, Canada.
On 3 August, floods triggered landslides that killed six people, injuring two and leaving five others missing.
The plot contains similarities to the later 1979 Star Trek film.
Following statements in support of Goldstein's actions, the Kach movement was banned by the Israeli cabinet.
Cockley Beck is a small hamlet, situated in the Duddon Valley in Cumbria, England.
Ruwanpura made a single first-class appearance for the side, during the 2001 season, against Ragama.
Best Foot Forward is a 1954 American TV adaptation of the musical Best Foot Forward.
UltimateDefrag is a retail file-system defragmentation utility made by DiskTrix.
Josh Pyke (born 18 December 1977) is an Australian singer-songwriter and musician.
He also co-founded Our Time, a nationwide non-profit network of young Americans promoting economic and voter empowerment.
In 2002 they played with bands such as Bad Religion, Jimmy Eat World or Dover.
Since the 1980s, riot control officers have also used tear gas, pepper spray, rubber bullets, and electric tasers.
For example, a situation in which one friend walks past another without acknowledgement.
Group Limited is an international game developer and publisher headquartered in Nicosia, Cyprus.
Populations from the western part of the range may be referred to the subspecies Hyperolius balfouri viridistriatus.
The first part is SH, the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha.
The film stars Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., Anita Page, Sally Blane, ZaSu Pitts, Joan Marsh and Roscoe Karns.
The museum has seven steam, 14 diesel, and two electric locomotives; and more than 40 other pieces of rolling stock.
She has painted Queen Elizabeth II, Margaret Thatcher and John Diefenbaker.
It was formed in October, 1940 at Old Delhi in India and assigned to the 8th Indian Infantry Division.
Southern Musical Convention established in 1845 by Benjamin Franklin White, the compiler of The Sacred Harp.
On 29 October 2008, he announced his retirement from full-time touring car racing.
In Greater Panjab, the Turnas are found as Sikhs, Hindus as well as the Muslims.
Radford and Timsbury Halt railway station was on the Camerton branch of the Great Western Railway in Somerset, England.
The fruit is a flat, hairy capsule up to 2.5 centimeters long which hangs on the long, remaining flower receptacle.
The Formosan golden tube-nosed bat, Harpiola isodon, is native to the high-altitude regions of Taiwan.
It was produced by the Central Australian Aboriginal Media Association.
Marseillevirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Marseilleviridae.
Adventure is a 1980 board game published by Yaquinto Publications.
He was Chairman of the London-based Uranium Institute (now the World Nuclear Association) in 1995-1996.
The film is directed by R.J. Cutler and produced by Eliza Hindmarch and Sadia Shepard.
Its general effect is to lighten the coat, skin and eye colors.
The station is currently owned by Evangelical Free Church of Turlock.
It is located two miles north of Usk on the B4598 road to Abergavenny.
Lemonweir River is a river in the U.S. state of Wisconsin.
Ruislip is a London Underground station in Ruislip in west London.
The white-shouldered house moth (Endrosis sarcitrella) is a species of gelechioid moth.
Live in London is a live album by the band Sheer Greed.
It is adjacent to Sussex II State Prison, which lies to its northwest, just across Mussellwhite Drive.
Epikindyna Paihnidia (Dangerous games) is the debut album by popular Greek artist Elli Kokkinou.
Piao Meiji (born 27 December 1957) is a Chinese speed skater.
Lipoglycopeptides are a class of antibiotic that have lipophilic side-chains linked to glycopeptides.
In 1963 he and graduate student Rashad Khalifah discovered a new kind of auxin present in citrus plants.
Parliamentary elections were held in Mongolia on 19 June 1977.
By the time the war ended, most fashion-conscious women in Europe and North America were wearing bras.
He served a third term and final term being returned in the 1987 Northwest Territories general election.
The Honorable Josceline Percy, fourth son of the first Earl, was a vice-admiral in the Royal Navy.
It is divided into a sterile and a fertile part.
It was described by Paul E. S. Whalley in 1963, and is known from Caroline Island.
Devereaux was a social center for the Salt Lake City area, hosting distinguished visitors.
He's tough and has a good speed, but obviously needs varsity game experience.
Synthetic membranes have been successfully used for small and large-scale industrial processes since the middle of twentieth century.
Majenta is a studio album by American electronic musician Jimmy Edgar, released in 2012 on Hotflush Recordings.
On 30 November 2016, "All Eyes On Me" was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry of South Africa.
They connect the veins outside the cranium to the venous sinuses inside the cranium.
George Anton Stueland was born March 2, 1899 in Algona, Iowa.
His victories included two Doncaster Cups in the late 1790s and the St. Leger Stakes at Doncaster in 1795.
Annuloceras is a heteromorph ammonite similar in form to other heteroceratids except that the early helix is more loosely wound.
Prodotia crocata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pisaniidae.
In 1976, he played for the Tacoma Tides of the American Soccer League.
Long is a television producer and director for the past 20 years.
Alvin Risk was on the radio show DVDASA on January 15, 2014.
It also has the Pioneer Valley close to the region.
Adhemarius jamaicensis is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae.
On his death in 1923 the title passed to his half-brother, the third Baron.
Terebra veliae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae, the auger snails.
It is found in Bangladesh, Bhutan, China, India, Laos, Myanmar, Nepal, Pakistan, and Thailand.
The locomotives served as late as 1964, but none of them now survive.
Tsaggaris Peledriou is a Cypriot football club based in Pelendri, Cyprus.
Since it was founded, the award has been given to four individuals.
Founded in 2007 by three very diverse women in business.
Adjacent NECTAs that have a high degree of employment interchange may also be combined to form Combined NECTAS (or CNECTAs).
In all cases, the final court of appeal is the Supreme Court of Canada.
The Gran Sport name has been used on several high-performance cars built by Buick since 1965.
Twizzle has the ability to extend his arms and legs.
The Browns River is a perennial river located on the east coast of Tasmania, Australia.
It was formed in September 1947 after the parliamentary election and it ended in March 1952 with Senanayake's death.
He has become a budding playback singer in the Hindi film industry as well as Bengali and Nepali movies.
Hastula penicillata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae, the auger snails.
Anja Nielsen (born 12 April 1975) is a Danish team handball player and Olympic champion.
Sinoventricular conduction has also been demonstrated during acute myocardial ischemia.
Like many Sciomyzidae, species of this genus have larvae that are predators or parasitoids of snails.
He traveled to Indonesia in AusAID programs operated by the Law Faculty for Indonesian judges, with professor Philip Lewis Griffiths.
This is a perennial bunchgrass growing up to a meter tall.
It is also known as the dumb shark, Harrison's deep-sea dogfish, or Harrison's dogfish.
Land of Enchantment is the fifteenth album by American singer-songwriter Michael Martin Murphey.
The population was 2,833 at the 2010 census, down from 6,425 in 2000.
In the United States the Rogationists established their first community in 1967 assuming parish work in Mendota, California.
Breunigweiler is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Nos attendentes is the incipit designating a Papal bull apparently issued in January 1217 by Pope Honorius III.
SCRs are used to transfer fluids like oil, gas, injection water, etc. between the platforms and the pipelines.
Burnley described that he did not want to "reinvent the wheel" with the album.
Computer Associates sold Sterling Software's Federal Systems Group to Northrop Grumman in 2000.
Marcelo in the Real World is a young adult novel by Francisco Stork.
The Schempp-Hirth Mini Nimbus is a 15 Meter-class glider designed and built by Schempp-Hirth GmbH in the late 1970s.
It was also produced as an "all music edition" without the book.
This involves continual execution of Telemetry, Tracking, and Commanding (TT&C) operations.
The presidents of the regional administration were, from 1970 to 1999, elected by the regional council.
It featured the tour by the team of Australian Aboriginals.
New York's 3rd State Senate district is one of 62 districts of the New York State Senate.
It is on the way to Mangalore University, Konaje from the heart of Mangalore city.
Lewis was born in Cunnamulla, a small town in South West Queensland.
Canada have won 2 times, Romania 4 times and no match has been drawn yet.
"Raise the Flag", the album's lead single, peaked at number 12 on the Hot Rap Singles.
Coprosma ciliata grows up to 7 meters tall and has oval leaves that are bright green to olive-green.
Gold often occurs in free elemental (native) form, as nuggets or grains, in rocks, in veins, and in alluvial deposits.
Zerstorungs Productions released a vinyl version with a bonus track, "Purteance", limited to 999 copies.
He was the National League stolen base champion in 2013.
Born Gangstaz was a success, peaking at #22 on the Billboard 200 and #3 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
Bears and wildlife encounters are also common in this riding, requiring extra attention to waste disposal.
Fuck with Fire is a 2001 studio album by the band Planes Mistaken for Stars.
Lisa Olivia Munn (born July 3, 1980) is an American actress and model.
The following Union Army units and commanders fought in the Battle of Shiloh of the American Civil War.
Some unique minerals typical for meteorites, like oldhamite, are also found in pyrometamorphic rocks.
Chow On Lam (born 10 August 1951) is a Thai former footballer who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
KKXK (94.1 FM, Colorado Country 94 Kix) is a radio station broadcasting a country music music format.
The three metals had no fixed exchange rate between them, with different regions issuing their own coins.
Oliver M. "Ollie" Darden (born July 28, 1944 in Aberdeen, Mississippi) is a retired American professional basketball player.
This album was dedicated to Guy Babylon, John's keyboard player who died a year before its release.
Stephanie Bennett (born Margaret Stephanie Bennett) is an English film producer known for her works Hail!
He was born in the United States, but is currently living in the Netherlands.
The railroad has long since disappeared into history but it had been on Johnson Street.
Brisbane Dental Hospital and College is a heritage-listed former dental hospital at 168 Turbot Street, Brisbane City, Queensland, Australia.
On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the commune Picauville.
He founded Vietnam Veterans of America (VVA) in 1978 and Vietnam Veterans of America Foundation (VVAF) in 1980.
Their debut single, "Yoru no Hate" was released in February 2008, and received good reaction from the public.
He previously served in the House from 2001 to 2002.
Kind of Fire is the second studio album by Canadian country music group Prairie Oyster.
The final was held on 4 May 1979 in Kaliningrad in the Soviet Union.
The museum is housed in the Old Court, a former police station and law court building on New Street.
A windwatt is a mudflat exposed as a result of wind action on water.
"The Adventure" is also featured as downloadable content in the karaoke game Lips and in the music game Rock Band.
It is a prequel which takes place 2,000 years before the events of Sacred.
It is based at 12 Whitehorse Mews, on Westminster Bridge Road.
Can Wait is an American sitcom television series starring Kevin James.
Who Could Fly is a 2015 American live-action fantasy film directed by Julian Sol Jordan.
In 2015, he was awarded an International Reporting Project Fellowship, and covered the Nepal Earthquake of 2015 from the ground.
Each fight record has four categories: wins, losses, draws, and no-contests.
Music writer Robert Christgau cites One Way Out as the band's best live album.
Dendy was the driving force that established a colony for the "feeble-minded".
This is Miller's third record for Novus and eleventh overall.
Alessandro Bignozzi is an Italian bobsledder who competed in the early 1970s.
The store opened in November 2010, fourteen years after the project was commissioned.
The Hotel President, formerly the President Hotel, is a historic hotel in Kansas City, Missouri, United States.
The conversations took place during the evenings and each night Morand stayed up to write notes.
Flavell has won 22 caps for New Zealand, and mainly plays lock.
There are various methods of doing so; the method employed by George Nuttall is called the precipitation method.
The neighborhood is named for the Mount Lookout Observatory, which moved to the neighborhood in 1873.
The comet Kiess (C/1911 N1) is the source of the material that causes the meteors.
Against all the odds he survives - but with an almost total loss of memory.
Charlie Sheen starred in the video of Pump's next single release, "Drug Addicts".
The word derives, via French, from the Latin advocare, from vocare "to call" plus ad, "to, towards", thus a "summoning".
The company operates the Daniel J. Carlick Technical Center in Carlstadt, New Jersey.
She has won more medals than any other player for India in the Chess Olympiads.
It is a delicacy commonly found in Javanese and Sundanese cuisine of Java, Indonesia, and often consumed as snack.
Nadeen Payne (born 7 June 1993) is an Australian professional basketball player.
He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Tampa Bay Rays, Kansas City Royals, Atlanta Braves and Cleveland Indians.
In 1875, the Boston, Clinton and Fitchburg Railroad began leasing the New Bedford line.
The church is pastored by Brady Boyd and has multiple congregations that meet throughout the Colorado Springs area.
However, today, the galgo has fallen out of use by traditional music performers.
She has been the Executive Vice President of United States Institute of Peace.
Such codes with additional parity bit were a natural way of storing data on 7-track magnetic tape.
Dregea sinensis is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae family that is native to China.
Some risk factors include diet, obesity, smoking and lack of physical activity.
Knocknagree are the title-holders after defeating Erin's Own by 2-19 to 2-10 in the 2017 championship decider.
Yiorgos Kaloudis (born in 1973) is a Greek cellist and Cretan lyra player.
The program was a fusion of talk show, how-to and situation comedy.
Lyrically, the song talks about a break-up, where the protagonist is desperate for answers on a failed relationship.
One of his brothers, Sultan Qiassuddin, was Wali-e-Tanawal, and the Wali-e-Upper Tanawal was Sultan Sahwaj.
The working title of the project is B3 and is expected to wrap production in October 2009.
At this Congress, Stalin gave the last public speech of his life.
This was the agricultural manual in Punic by the Carthaginian author Mago.
By Walter's death in 1449, the substantial castle was richly appointed and its chapel decorated with murals.
Dan's recent successful expeditions include Everest Nepal 2018, Everest Tibet 2018, and K2 2018.
He served as an LDS missionary in England and then New England from 1939-1941.
The dean and chapter are based at the Cathedral Church of St Peter in Bradford.
Elections for the London Borough of Merton were held on 4 May 2006.
Dreamspeaker is a novel by Canadian author Anne Cameron also known as Cam Hubert.
Caubvick (fl. 1773) was an Inuk from Labrador, a wife of one of George Cartwright's Inuit friends.
Between 1947 and 1995 Gunma was represented by six Councilors.
Aenigmatum is the first magazine of crosswords in Latin .
Her debut studio album Amazulu was certified platinum three weeks after its release.
White Water Landing was a log flume water ride at Cedar Point amusement park in Sandusky, Ohio.
It is a single-grade honor, separated into two classes - Class I and Class II.
It was renamed Evansville and Terre Haute Railroad in 1877.
His heroism, courage and personal sacrifice reflect the highest credit upon himself and the Massachusetts Air National Guard.
It is a sesquiterpene lactone with a germacranolide skeleton, containing two lactone rings and an epoxide functional group.
Cyprinion tenuiradius is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Cyprinion.
Comic Relief reached number one in the UK in March 2015.
He produced a live tribute concert to Tim Buckley, that ultimately launched the career of Tim's son Jeff.
He co-founded the University of Warwick mathematics department with Christopher Zeeman and is founding editor of the journal Experimental Mathematics.
The Young Men's Institute (YMI) is a Catholic fraternal organization.
German submarine U-350 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.
Queensland were the current title holders coming into the series, having won 2-1 in 2016.
The population was 5,972 at the 2010 census, down from 6,495 at the 2000 census.
Karel Meduna was the league's top scorer with 12 goals.
Microsatellite enrichment is a method in molecular biology used for enriching the amount of microsatellite sequences in a DNA sample.
Charles Ellsworth Bennison Jr. (born November 30, 1943) is an American bishop.
On 22 August 2016, she reached her career-high singles ranking of world No. 22.
The Gymnoascaceae are a family of fungi in the Ascomycota, class Eurotiomycetes.
The first was Farokh Engineer, who kept in India's first ever ODI, against England in July 1974.
Habrocestum is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders).
Bolje ti is the fourth studio album by the Serbian rock band Bjesovi, released in 2009.
The competition is open to any Welsh-medium popular music performers.
Centenary College of Louisiana is a private, four-year arts and sciences college located in Shreveport, Louisiana.
Symptoms in humans include nausea, vomiting, slowed heart rate, low blood pressure and ataxia.
The method was first introduced by John Pople and coworkers.
The Issta Group' has over 60 branches throughout Israel, as well as call Centers and online travel services.
It is the only regiment of the Sri Lanka Army that recruits its personnel from a particular geographical area.
Unusually for stations of its era, the lifts descend directly to platform level with no secondary staircases.
Childhood and Society is a 1950 book about the social significance of childhood by Erik H. Erikson.
They took place in the same rooms at the Palace of Justice.
Kyankwanzi District is the northernmost district in the Central Region of Uganda and Buganda Kingdom, bordering Bunyoro.
The members of the 26th Legislature were elected in the 26th Alberta general election held on November 22, 2004.
On July 31, 1972, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Hereford Hop is a firm cheese, that has a rind of toasted hops.
Penicillium gracilentum is a species of the genus of Penicillium.
Harbou was best known as a screenwriter; Hanneles Himmelfahrt was her second and last film as director.
The book's cover is a parody of Daybreak, a popular painting by Maxfield Parrish.
The Raymond Stampede is an annual rodeo that is held in the town of Raymond, Alberta, Canada every 1 July.
John William Poduska Sr. is an American engineer and entrepreneur.
He has won numerous awards in his career such as the Technical Excellence Person of the Year in 2001.
It was started in the 1960s by the National Development Institute (INADE), a Peruvian central government dependence.
The Directive is concerned mainly with the "substantive" law (meaning in this context the standards of behavior required of traders).
NGC 1360, also known as the Robin's Egg Nebula, is a planetary nebula in the constellation of Fornax.
The show is hosted by Brian Worley and Michele Merkin.
Mark Daniel Sanders (born September 7, 1950) is an American Country Music songwriter.
This gives them the opportunity to respond to them, and cover these important stories.
Isles-sur-Suippe is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
She caught fire off Java on 4 July 2011 and sank the next day.
In telephony, on-hook and off-hook refer to the two possible states of a receiver.
Alain Marc (born 29 January 1957) is a member of the French Senate, who represents the department of Aveyron.
The Mannville is a large coal field located in the western part of Canada in Alberta.
Altagonum magnox is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Carabinae.
Kleinreifling is a village in the district of Steyr-Land in Upper Austria, Austria.
Rhodera is a genus of spiders in the Dysderidae family.
It reached #12 on the Oricon charts in its first week and charted for 10 weeks.
As of 2012, the global labor pool consisted of approximately 3 billion workers, around 200 million unemployed.
The men's road race at the 1966 UCI Road World Championships was the 33rd edition of the event.
Isoperla carbonaria is a species of stonefly in the family Perlodidae.
Thus, the genus Polynucleobacter currently includes one species containing obligate endosymbionts of ciliates and nine species representing free-living planktonic strains.
During the takeover, the hostage-takers killed children with grenades and automatic weapons.
A forced circulation boiler is a boiler where a pump is used to circulate water inside the boiler.
The Kaslo and Slocan Railway passed through the town on its way to Sandon.
The Drab Atlantic tree-rat, Phyllomys dasythrix, is a spiny rat species from South America.
The screenplay, written by Brian Helgeland, was based on the novel of the same name by Dennis Lehane.
There are many theories and much academic debate about the reasons for and exceptions to these adverse outcomes.
It was dedicated to Falco's daughter, Bianca, recorded in 1987 and produced by Bolland & Bolland.
Class A8 was a type of 4-6-2T steam locomotive, designed by both Vincent Raven and Nigel Gresley.
Clypeostoma nortoni is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chilodontidae.
Tasty Made was an American restaurant specializing in hamburgers, french fries and milkshakes.
Pareumerus imperator is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Pareumerus.
Schinus engleri is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family.
Immunity from prosecution is a doctrine of international law that allows an accused to avoid prosecution for criminal offenses.
Cardi announced the release of the music video for the same month.
He is an Emeritus Fellow and former tutor in classics at St John's College, Oxford.
The campus was funded from a bond passed in February 2006 and opened in 2010.
In guns internal ballistics covers the time from the propellant's ignition until the projectile exits the gun barrel.
The International Cooperation on Airport Surveillance (ICAS) is a group of Airports, Air Navigation Service Providers (ANSPs) and EUROCONTROL.
He is currently personally in contract with BMG Rights Management as a songwriter.
Either she's a brat who won't shape up or she needs the drugs.
The Jordan Brand Classic, is a high school All-Star basketball game played annually in April.
Solomon Warriors FC are a Solomon Islands football club, formerly known as Uncles FC.
Trevor Robert Stegman (born 25 June 1946) was a rugby union player who represented Australia.
Gilles Lavoie was candidate for the Conservative Party of Canada in the 2004 federal election.
The name probably originates from the Old English wealcere "fuller" + sceaga "copse".
She finished 18th in the women's singles event at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin.
Gonchen is located in the ethnic Tibetan cultural region of Kham.
However, the non-union worker must pay a fee to cover collective bargaining costs.
Denis Nikisha (born 7 August 1995) is a Kazakh male short track speed skater.
Pretty Vicious are a Welsh rock band originally from Merthyr Tydfil.
Development of the MoneyForce program was overseen by General Sir Bill Rollo.
Ivanpah is an unincorporated community in Greenwood County, Kansas, in the United States.
The album is their first release through their own Abstract Dragon label.
Lapati is a village in the Nicobar district of Andaman and Nicobar Islands, India.
Sol Picciotto (born 1942) is a Syrian-born British academic, emeritus professor of law at Lancaster University.
He last played against the Pacific Islanders in 2004 before making a comeback in the 2006 Autumn internationals.
In some judicial hangings the odontoid process may break and hit the medulla oblongata, causing death.
A Blaze in the Northern Sky is the second studio album by Norwegian black metal band Darkthrone.
The buildings are a fine and rare example of Jacobean domestic architecture.
It occurs in relatively shallow water at depths of ~100 m during the day.
The Warlpiri tribe of Central Australia played a very similar kicking and catching game with possum skins known as pultja.
Michael is Artist-Teacher of Saxophone as-well-as Head of Woodwinds at Roosevelt University Chicago College of Performing Arts.
NX Files is an action martial arts multi-season video series broadcast online.
It operated from 1938 to 1971; Amtrak retained the name until 1973.
They held the first town meeting at the church, which determined policy through open and frequent discussion.
In addition, he works as a player coordinator for Finnish hockey league team Vaasan Sport.
On 19 July 1797 Parliament extended the scope of that Act to cover all coins made of copper.
Halton Borough Council is the local authority for the Borough of Halton.
It is normally available as a powder or chippings, and is an important ingredient in Coade stone.
It was raised in 1759 as the 3rd Battalion of Coast Sepoys, and formed part of the Madras Army.
Desbruyeresia cancellata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Provannidae.
Key management refers to management of cryptographic keys in a cryptosystem.
NCRR provided funding to laboratory scientists and researchers for facilities and tools in the goal of curing and treating diseases.
The Royal Philatelic Collection is the postage stamp collection of the British Royal Family.
Baby powder can also be used as a shampoo, cleaning agent, and freshener.
Most linguists believe it has only been used as a direct insult since 1929.
Toupah was a commune until March 2012, when it became one of 1126 communes nationwide that were abolished.
Her 2009 memoir I'm Down focused on childhood and race.
Lally Chevrolet still operates in Bedford on the Bedford Automile under the name of Tim Lally Chevrolet.
This is a list of the Spanish Singles number-ones of 1969.
All species are ground-dwelling and ectomycorrhizal (forming an association with living trees) and are typically found in woodland.
Mark Robinson is a Canadian television meteorologist and storm chaser.
The album peaked at number 5 in Australia in 1967.
It runs from the A1 highway at Kontagora, Niger State to the A2 highway to the north of Kaduna.
He had a special relationship with the Muppet Big Bird.
With these services, NRC intended to shorten the gap between early stage research and development and commercialization.
The performance was in part a celebration of the tenth anniversary of the release of 'Heavy Black Frame'.
It is most commonly seen in horses older than six years.
The first such ships were steam-powered versions of the traditional frigates, corvettes, and sloops.
Mount Temple Comprehensive School is a secondary school in Clontarf, Dublin, Ireland.
In Norse mythology, he is called Guthormr, and he was the murderer of Sigurd (Sigfried), the dragon slayer.
Ghoul School is a survival horror video game released for the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1992 by Imagineering.
The loser receives a "beat down" by the owner, Cleon Salmon, a former heavyweight boxer (played by Michael Clarke Duncan).
Dietrich, also known as Dietrich of Ringelheim, was a Saxon count of the Middle Ages.
The role of the ITTF includes overseeing rules and regulations and seeking technological improvement for the sport of table tennis.
Multiple Media Entertainment is a full-service media content distribution company with offices in Toronto and Vancouver.
However, this material differed from the original specimens because it lacked slit-like antorbital openings accompanying the antorbital fossa.
The result was a victory for the Pillars of Truth party, which won 26 of the 46 seats.
The red-cheeked wattle-eye (Platysteira blissetti) is a species of bird in the family Platysteiridae.
HMS Nemesis was a 28-gun Enterprise-class sixth-rate frigate of the Royal Navy.
She can currently be seen in the 2017 Broadway revival of Hello Dolly! as Ermengarde.
He also taught acting in the institute of Anupam Kher, Actor Prepress in Mumbai.
Gauri is a Village Development Committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal.
Keller founded Keller Williams on training and education and later brought his teachings to print.
Ranbir Kapoor is an Indian actor who works in the Hindi film industry.
The Tonto Kid is a 1935 American film directed by Harry L. Fraser.
It was the twelfth round of the 1993 Formula One season.
He was previously committed to a mental hospital after being arrested for kidnapping and armed robbery, which he later escaped.
Helta Skelta is the 1993 re-release of Hot Cars and Spent Contraceptives (1992), the first album by Norwegian band Turbonegro.
It was released under a Creative Commons license so that other streaming services may use it for their own tests.
This version was released only in Eastern Europe in 2003, primarily in Poland.
Telescript is an object-oriented programming language written by General Magic as part of the overall Magic Cap system.
Cuts Like a Knife, his third release, became his first successful work outside Canada.
As of the 2010 census, the town population was 545.
He and his wife Zainab Ibrahim are both alumni at the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque, NM.
The term is also loosely used to refer to text based visual art in general.
Hugo Weinstengl (born 1907, date of death unknown) was an Austrian bobsledder who competed in the early 1930s.
Allianz Field will open in 2019 on the southeast corner of University and Snelling Avenues.
It includes four studio recordings of duets and one studio recording of trios.
On 1 January 2016, the former commune of Vengeons was merged into Sourdeval.
The winner is picked at the end of an episode to compete in the championship finale.
The school converted to academy status in January 2015 and was renamed The Farnborough Academy.
It can also be caused by Entamoeba histolytica and Shigella.
The group leaders and the three best second-placed teams in the groups after six matches qualified to the quarterfinals.
The apical and tornal areas of the forewings are brownish-orange, as is the antemedial line.
In 1999 and 2000, they accurately gaged when the Leonids meteor shower would peak, while underestimating the peak intensities.
Steinar Tjomsland (born 23 July 1948) is a former Norwegian Supreme Court Justice.
Fess Parker began his show-business career in the play, in 1951.
The current constitution was drafted in 1976 and has since been amended.
The album peaked at number 34 upon the Top R&B Albums chart.
Williams was interested in gaining an automobile on which to install his Parkmobile device.
Florida won the tournament and earned the Southeastern Conference's automatic bid to the 2008 NCAA Division I Softball Tournament.
El Turbio is a small village belonging to Veintiocho de Noviembre municipality in Santa Cruz Province in southern Argentina.
For the first time, new seismic parameters were proposed by Falamarz-Sheikhabadi, et al.
Kayoceras is a genus of middle Silurian nautiloid cephalopods, known from Iowa and Illinois, belonging to the Discosoridae.
Ammophila is the type genus of the subfamily Ammophilinae of the hunting wasp family Sphecidae.
The X-Rays featuring Johnny Lucas, Chris Hanby and Martin Stewart.
In May 2015, the basilica was reopened to the community.
Man Plus is a 1976 science fiction novel by American writer Frederik Pohl.
He is the youngest male contestant to have ever been on the show.
Baldwin's main opposition for the nomination was former ambassador Alan Keyes, who had just left the Republican Party.
The Demon Deacons represent Wake Forest University in the NCAA's Atlantic Coast Conference.
When disturbed, adults produce a squeaking sound by rubbing their wings on the abdomen.
The film stars Wallace Reid, Cleo Ridgely, Edythe Chapman, Charles Arling, Joe King and Jane Wolfe.
This year's tournament is being hosted by the Tri-City Bandits and the West Coast Senior Lacrosse Association.
The award carries with it the right to use "VSM" as post-nominal letters.
It was also released on the LaserLight label in 1992.
Several annexes were added on over the years, with a business established in 1726.
One of the LER concept vehicles took part in the presidential inauguration parade of Barack Obama in 2009.
McKinney North High school opened to its first freshman class in the year 2000.
The Utica Phoenix is an independent newspaper located in Utica, New York.
Telmac 1800 was an early microcomputer delivered in kit form.
Terry Stacey (born 24 July 1962) is an English cinematographer.
For a rocket, the payload can be a satellite, space probe, or spacecraft carrying humans, animals, or cargo.
Offa's Country is a sustainable tourism project developed under the 2009 Welsh-English Border Strategic Regeneration Program.
It's built with the materials that Leonardo would have had on hand, including wooden pegs and gears run by twine.
He's known for his virtuoso guitar playing style and cinematic music videos.
Omoglymmius capito is a species of beetle in the subfamily Rhysodidae.
Knight and Day was released in the United States on June 24, 2010.
He was the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of Infosys, and one of its seven founding members.
It was established on 1 September 1987 and disestablished on 30 April 1993.
These are celebrated at a sports presentation night which occurs annually.
He later served as Federal President of the Liberal Party of Australia.
The latter name turned out to be a homonym, having already been given to a different species.
It was previously classified as a subspecies of Wolf's mona monkey C. wolf.
Born in Dublin, she has lived in London and America before returning to Ireland in 1990.
The medals were presented by Barbara Kendall, IOC member, New Zealand and Maree Burnett, Board Member of the ICF.
The record contains twenty-one tracks from the original film score written and composed by Hans Zimmer.
Desertiguana gobiensis is known from a single left lower jaw.
Fish cake or fish slice is a commonly cooked food in southern China and overseas Chinese communities.
Mutual of Omaha is a privately held Fortune 500 mutual insurance and financial services company based in Omaha, Nebraska.
It is known by the common names rush broom and rush deervetch.
Fiji's contributions to UN peacekeeping are unique for a nation of its size.
Artiscope is a Brussels art gallery specialized in contemporary American and European artists.
She plays at goal shooter for the Northern Stars in the ANZ Premiership and for the Silver Ferns national side.
Some countries have set a maximum period of detention, while others permit indefinite detention.
The haunting harmonica, assertive drum beat and acoustic guitar incorporates well with the clearly pronounced and elongated wordplay.
In her early days she did an aerial ballet and dance act in the circus in Germany.
At the 2000 census, the CDP was misspelled as "Manattee Road".
Elephant is a collection of short stories by American writer Raymond Carver published in Great Britain, 1988.
Many of Washington's songs are reinterpreted on the album including the title track "Destination Moon".
It has been certified platinum in Australia, Poland, and Mexico, and gold in eight countries, including the UK and US.
As of the 2010 Census the county had a population of 6,963.
He is a right-handed batsman who also bowls right arm medium fast.
In 2012 Theurer was given the Pioneer Award for his work on Atari arcade games.
E.L. Bowsher High School was constructed in the early 1960s at the intersection of Glanzman and Detroit in Toledo, Ohio.
Besides diecast automobiles, the Franklin Mint manufactured and marketed coins, jewelry, dolls, sculpture and other collectibles.
The bill is strong and pointed and the legs gray.
In 2008 he made claims relating to the formation of a micronation which he called the Sovereign State of Forvik.
Kerry Marie Rea (born 16 April 1963) is an Australian politician.
He played three games over two seasons in Major League Baseball for the Pittsburgh Pirates from 1928-29.
In the United States, the song was released as a double A-side single with "Everything Remains Raw".
2012 Open de Rennes was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts.
Haitian intellectuals turned successively or simultaneously to France, the UK, the United States, and African traditions.
Indiana Wesleyan Wildcats are the athletic teams that represent Indiana Wesleyan University.
Before a change of ownership, the company was known as Telecom Services Kiribati Limited or short TSKL.
After her death, her spirit then haunts the location of the drowning and wails in misery.
Some of the notable films of Michael Madhu as an actor include Bhajarangi (2013), Shhh!
She re-joins Starfleet when Bajor joins the Federation, and eventually becomes captain of the station.
He made history as the first male contestant to win the Sunday Best title.
It is situated in Podil, a historic neighborhood of Kyiv.
Hemensley joined Bored!, and all the members went on to further musical projects, Hemensley later to the Powder Monkeys.
The fountain in its center was given by the Merchants Exchange.
Pond is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in Carmarthen & Dinefwr, Wales.
Chikani is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal.
Mirdamad Boulevard is the center of Davoodiyeh district in the north of Tehran.
He is joined on this quest by a frequently changing group of allies.
Widowmaker is a four issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics starring superheroes Black Widow, Hawkeye and Mockingbird.
Ahlsen started as a midfielder, but was later re-educated as a forward defender.
She has won numerous singing awards and medals, and her students have received multiple honors.
Ghaao (wound in Urdu) was a 2013 Pakistani romantic drama serial broadcast on Geo TV every Monday and Tuesday.
It has approximately 400 students from Preschool to 12th grade.
It may also occur as an inflammatory process in athletes.
It reaffirmed flexibility of TRIPS member states in circumventing patent rights for better access to essential medicines.
Aazmayish is a 1995 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra, Anjali Jathar and producer Mohan Kumar's son Rohit Kumar in his debut.
Francis Medical Center is a not-for-profit hospital in Lynwood, California, US.
However, instead of a cantilever with a sharp AFM tip, one uses the colloidal probe.
The following lists events that happened during 2007 in Zimbabwe.
It is expected to provide sufficient guidance to ensure that most access problems can be resolved by reference to it.
A. R. Rahman composed all seven of the original songs as well as the score for the film.
In some countries, states or local jurisdictions, the voucher can be used to cover or reimburse home schooling expenses.
RCCM is a modern College for commerce and management education, located in Indore, the commercial capital of Madhya Pradesh.
The film was produced by Bearing Fruit Productions and distributed by Every Tribe Entertainment.
The authenticity of some monarchs has been disputed, especially for those monarchs who reigned during conflict.
In 1960 there were about 400 to 500 ethnic Koreans in that city.
He was educated at the University of Kent and Bristol Old Vic Theater School.
South Shields railway station was the main railway station for South Shields, in Tyne and Wear, North-East England.
Later in his life, Lochner worked in Vietnam and Washington before retiring in Berlin.
Hose's broadbill (Calyptomena hosii) is a species of bird in the Eurylaimidae family.
Fox is an online clinic launched in January 2010 by Dr Tony Steele and Dan Broughton.
Nightkill is a 1980 West German-American thriller film directed by Ted Post and starring Robert Mitchum and Jaclyn Smith.
The club was founded in 1915 as the Get-Together-Club and took its name as Bee Ridge Woman's club in 1917.
It was the group's debut single and one of the most notable successes of the 1970s disco era.
Marco Bandinelli, also known as Marchino di Guido Reni, was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
The album was issued on CD in 1986 by Cramboy, bundled together with Time to Lose and Short Stories.
Crinophtheiros collinsi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
It is closely related to the Bugun liocichla, a species only described in 2006, and which it closely resembles.
Martin Forkel (born 22 July 1979 in Coburg) is a German football manager and former football defender.
Naresh Chandra Agrawal is an Indian politician who was a member of the Rajya Sabha in India.
The siege continued until reinforcements from Bombay under the command of Major Abington attacked the Mysore army and defeated them.
It was a coalition government formed by two parliamentary groups: the Republicans and Dashnaktsutyun.
The School has a new purpose-built music school, adjacent to the Cricket Pavilion.
Neil Crud was also arrested and charged on three counts under the same Act and around 500 copies were seized.
Two-disk editions include a DVD collecting all the corresponding music videos and a complete concert.
Bombshell is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Allaston is a village in Gloucestershire, England, now forming part of the town of Lydney.
First Light's Freeze is an album by Castanets, released on October 11, 2005.
The cinematographer was Krishna gopal and music was composed by Gyan Dutt.
Indiana People's Party was a short-lived American political party in the state of Indiana.
The character made his first appearance in El Gato Negro #1 (October 1993) as a major supporting character.
He was written out of the show due to the actor's retirement at age 68.
Chico Aura Dwi Wardoyo (born 15 June 1998) is an Indonesian male badminton player.
Its principal components were the 89th Military Airlift Wing and the 1776th Air Base Wing.
Kule is a small village in Raigad, Sangameshwar tehsil of district Ratnagiri.
She has previously expressed views on human rights, refugees, animal welfare, public services integrity, and foreign policy.
The Chamber of Commerce also maintains an information directory of local organizations contact details.
He has written several guide books for California, the Pacific Northwest and America.
During the 1980s and 1990s, the quarry on Rowley Hill in Rowley Regis was used as a landfill site.
He directed popular movies Sukrutham, Ayanam and Udyaanapaalakan, which won many awards, even in international festivals.
The school has now about 400 students attending various courses.
Beginning her career singing religious music in church, Hutauruk later sang for movie soundtracks and released a solo album.
Pencoedtre or Pencoetre, also known as Pencoedtre Village, is a northeastern suburb of Barry in the Vale of Glamorgan, Wales.
Vatnsdal has scored goals for Faroe Islands U15 and U17 teams.
Iquitos and Pucallpa are the main air hubs in the Peruvian Amazon.
The soils, derived from Kaibab limestone, are silty, clayey, or rocky.
Andrena barbilabris, the long-lipped andrena, is a species of mining bee in the family Andrenidae.
The school is part of the Foundation of the Schools of King Edward VI, which runs seven schools in Birmingham.
He is a two-time Super Bowl Champion with the Steelers in 2009 and the Packers in 2011.
The commission ended all controls over railroads in 2005 but is still known as the "Railroad Commission" for historical reasons.
Lobsters and Crayfish are decapods meaning that they have 10 legs.
Lopharcha erioptila is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.
Francesco Grillo is an Italian political economy scientist, journalist and manager.
He is best known for his meticulously rendered acrylic paintings, encompassing nudes, landscapes and still life.
He played for the Northern Pride in the 2011 Queensland Cup.
In Need, who called her "one of the leading figures of the contemporary Vietnamese dissent".
He served as Chaplain to King George VI and Queen Elizabeth II, participating in the coronation procession of Queen Elizabeth.
Also on the property are a contributing rectory, garage, and frame caretaker's house.
He is a 2013 world junior and 2016 Scottish men's champion.
Operazione Atlantide or Operation Atlantis is a 1965 Italian spy film adventure directed by Domenico Paolella.
He is the oldest son of Alan Sternin and Esther Sternin, and married to actress/performer Paige Scurti Sternin.
However, this is not the case with the suborders of the turtles.
Christopher Allen "Chris" Jefferies (born February 13, 1980) is an American former professional basketball player.
It has since been enhanced for increased scalability and fault-tolerance in a recent paper.
It was performed live in the closing ceremony on tribute basis.
Nathan Dahlberg (born 22 February 1964) is a former New Zealand racing cyclist.
This brings cells in inner enamel epithelium closer to blood vessels at the periphery.
The main shared elements of the two stories are the conspiracy and the king's defeat of it.
Trimerotropis inyo, the inyo grasshopper, is a species of band-winged grasshopper in the family Acrididae.
As of the 2010 census, its population was 50,854 and it contained 19,043 housing units.
Zetzwil is a municipality in the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Kwabena Adu Boahen is a Professor of Bioengineering and Electrical Engineering at Stanford University.
The Kumbaya Festival was an annual Canadian music and arts festival in the 1990s.
The inner walls are slumped in places, forming a pile of talus along the western base.
UCWDC sanctions and promotes dance competitions and workshops, maintains a uniform set of rules for competitions, surveys and certifies judges.
The only confessionals not used in the series yet are Cathy, Rosie, and Randolph.
In 2007, venlafaxine was the sixth most commonly prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market, with 17.2 million prescriptions.
It completes an orbit every 118 days, placing it much further from its star than the system's inner five planets.
A new contest runs every two weeks with a grand prize at the end of the year.
As of July 2018, Chisora is ranked as the world's seventh best active heavyweight by the Transnational Boxing Rankings Board.
USN has offered a 50% discount for their services for competitors for the Google Lunar X Prize.
Peter Cathedral is a Roman Catholic church located at 230 West 10th Street (at Sassafras Street) in Erie, Pennsylvania.
He wrote extensively about his travels and was associated with the conservation movement.
Erich Fak (born 10 March 1945) is an Austrian former international footballer.
Stack Attack was the game for the 2003 FIRST Robotics Competition.
She then finished third in late October's Breeders' Cup Distaff, held in 2007 at Monmouth Park.
It is one of four high schools in the Santa Clara Unified School District (SCUSD).
His various awards include: Grammy, Dove, ASCAP, NSAI, and Nashville Music awards.
Arcturus is a Norwegian avant-garde black metal band formed in 1991.
St Helier (Weighbridge) railway station was a railway station in Saint Helier, the capital of Jersey in the Channel Islands.
The team represents Bulgaria at the International Ice Hockey Federation's World Junior Hockey Championship Division III.
While this severance agreement was standard for Amtrak executives, some reviewers questioned its applicability to the Inspector General.
The prize was originally split into two major categories: published and unpublished novels each of which had five winners.
The church was designed by Don Shepherd, a designer and not an architect.
Sweet Oak Branch is a stream in Knox County in the U.S. state of Missouri.
The novel takes its name from lyrics in the baseball-themed song, Take Me Out to the Ball Game.
He played for Western Province in the Currie Cup and the Stormers in Super Rugby between 2009 and 2014.
Burlington is a town in Burlington Township, Carroll County, Indiana, United States.
It is a track on his album, Homeless Brother, and a tribute to Fred Astaire.
Call Me Mister is a revue with sketches by Arnold Auerbach and words and music by Harold Rome.
The Warrah River and Chartres River are nearby fishing rivers.
The firm still exists to this day and is now known as Broekbakema.
Al Fasoldt is an American columnist for the Syracuse Post-Standard.
Formerly a part of State Route 19, the route connects the Genoa area to the Johnson Lane area.
John VII was Patriarch of Jerusalem from 964 to 966.
The term "armyworm" can refer to several species, often describing the large-scale invasive behavior of the species' larval stage.
"R100" refers to the development codename of the initially released GPU of the generation.
He came to Iten expecting to stay just three months.
The 1962 BRSCC British Saloon Car Championship, was the fifth season of the championship.
1981 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.
Mes Rafsanjan Football Club is an Iranian football club based in Rafsanjan, Iran.
The valley has a total length of 517 km and the biggest city located in Inntal is Innsbruck.
Solariella basilica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Solariellidae.
G-Police is a 1997 shooter video game developed and published by Psygnosis for the PlayStation and Microsoft Windows.
Hatch was a tailending batsman and a moderately successful bowler in both the long and short form of the game.
As a result of army-wide reorganization in the 1950s, the 121st Infantry ceased to exist as a tactical unit.
Sheffield United won by a single goal, scored by Fred Tunstall.
Brian Fawcett (born May 13, 1944) is a Canadian writer and cultural analyst who lives in Toronto, Ontario.
The WSGA has over 68,000 members at more than 550 golf courses, throughout Washington and Northern Idaho.
Kilrush Shamrocks are a Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) club in Kilrush, County Clare, Ireland.
The group of houses was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
HMS E27 was sold to John Cashmore Ltd in Newport for scrapping on 6 September 1922.
Stores were located in the Chicago area (1), Indianapolis (1), and Columbus, Ohio (3).
His father was a distant cousin to the 9th Earl of Essex.
Jaquirana is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
Acalolepta minima is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
WYFD (91.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Decatur, Alabama, United States.
The following persons have been mayors of the town of Devizes, Wiltshire, England.
Rudnik is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia.
Belgium have participated in five UEFA European Championships finals, those held in 1972, 1980, 1984, 2000 and 2016.
Naguru, also Naggulu, is a hill in Kampala, the capital and largest city in Uganda.
He is also the founder of Rukus Avenue, a South Asian record label based in Los Angeles, CA.
One of the gifts of the Holy Spirit is prophecy.
His personal best jump was 5.80 meters, achieved in March 2000 in Pietersburg.
The tournament was open for 1912 local association leagues (kretsserier) champions, and the defending champion, Lyn.
Nur won a silver medal in the fours at the 2012 World Outdoor Bowls Championship in Adelaide.
The northern end of the community is largely industrial, leading to massive warehouse complexes along the Bayou.
APL has subsidiary offices in Paris, Houston, Rio de Janeiro, Kuala Lumpur, Singapore, Shanghai and Aberdeen.
Ministerial responsibility for training was transferred to the Ministry of Competitiveness, Training and Trade.
Peter Norman has previously been chairman of the board of Carnegie Investment Bank and the finance company Max Matthiessen.
Zai (Pashto) are Pashtun and Baloch tribes in Pakistan and Afghanistan.
It was directed by Rowland V. Lee and produced by Benedict Bogeaus and James Nasser.
Fred Bennett (born December 31, 1983) is a gridiron football defensive back who is currently a free agent.
She invented a hairbrush that could be taken apart easily for cleaning.
Paula Michelle Sherriff (born 16 April 1975) is a British Labor Party politician.
Viewing the series in retrospect it stands as a major social document of the times.
Supari are the renowned films which Roger Nair has produced and/or distributed.
He became a woodworker and metalworker, practiced surveying, and in 1828 headed up a machine-shop in Fall River.
Monroe Public Schools is a school district in Monroe, Connecticut, United States.
Thapsia snelli is a species of air-breathing land snail or semi-slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicarionidae.
The team's motto is Commitment, Intensity, Desire which is expressed in Latin on the team's crest.
He has executive produced the film " Decoding annie parker" starring Helen Hunt, Samantha Morton and Aaron Paul.
She releases this ability every time she loses her temper.
It is held by Loughborough University Staff Cricket Club from Leicestershire, England.
From St. Louie to Frisco is the twelfth studio album by Chuck Berry, released in 1968 by Mercury Records.
Boyd was personally re-elected in his district by a wide margin.
Although rare in modern investigations they have become a literary trope in popular culture.
Since its introduction in 1942, it has become one of the most popular pickle brands in the United States.
It operated for 61 years until the building was demolished in 1972.
In 2015 he became partner at Italian R & P Consulting.
Skirroceras bayleanum is a Stephanoceratacean (ammonite) species belonging to the family Stephanoceratidae.
It was discovered on 27 July 1990, by American astronomer Henry E. Holt at Palomar Observatory in California, United States.
Cope has written many articles for such LDS Church publications as the New Era.
No whitespace separating adjacent elements in a list is permitted.
She recently played the forward position for the Washington Mystics in the WNBA.
For practical purposes, this list also contains stone, marble and other quarries.
The North Korean force eventually withdrew after several unsuccessful attacks, having suffered heavy casualties.
On July 31, 2012, the music video received an MTV Video Music Award nomination for Best Choreography.
This action brought much controversy around the world in many countries with Muslim majority populations.
FLIP is an animation festival primarily hosted by the Light House Media Center in Wolverhampton, UK.
The Moroccan government created a Ministry of Tourism in 1985.
Septa form within the atria and ventricles to separate the left and right sides of the heart.
KHKA (1500 AM) is a radio station located in Honolulu, Hawaii.
Stevie Jerrell Johnson (born February 24, 1978) is an American former professional basketball player.
A flanker, he was Wales' most-capped forward with 100 caps until surpassed by Gethin Jenkins on 30 November 2013.
The Chaoxun-1 (CX-1) is a Chinese-built supersonic anti-ship missile and cruise missile.
She served on Nunavik's Inuttitut Language Commission, and was a consultant with the Kativik School Board.
It caters for year 7 to 12, Intensive English and USE students.
The tournament was held from February 26 through March 4, 2001.
Locally famous explorer Kasper Abdul Dela was born here in 1991.
In 2013, Joe Hines moved from Minneapolis, Minnesota to Chicago, Illinois.
Amnesty International objected to her detention and designated her a prisoner of conscience.
Dichelopa orthiostyla is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.
Antonio Mora (born December 14, 1957, Havana, Cuba) is a multiple Emmy Award winning journalist and television news anchor.
As of the 2009 census it had a population of 33,962.
He was known as promoter of cost accounting and leading cost accountant in Britain early 20th century.
It is just north of the Galle International Stadium and roundabout.
The institute caters to Biotechnology, Genetics, Healthcare, Microbiology and R & D activities.
It is a device that comes as an assembly kit.
He would then go on to sing regularly for his films.
He was the brother of the architect George Alfred Hall and father of Edwin Stanley Hall, also a noted architect.
Fielding at shortstop, he commits an error on the first ball hit to him.
Trechus tshildebaevi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Trechinae.
The stadium will have a capacity of 60,000 and will be built by the China State Construction Engineering.
In contrast biological psychiatry describes the basic principles and then delves deeper into various disorders.
The majority of OM bodies and lenses were manual-focus only; the OM-707 of 1986 was the only true autofocus model.
This group consists of several lineages that diversified early in Neornithes evolution.
He is known for boldly decorated domestic ware and very large garden pots.
8s".The draw for the Connacht Championship was made on 19 October 2017.
Mel Colmcille Gerard Gibson AO (born January 3, 1956) is an American actor and filmmaker.
Giuseppe Angelini, known as la Regina (circa 1675 - November 20, 1751) was an Italian painter.
It was released as a single in the U.K. and charted at number sixty-nine.
Lechenaultia macrantha is placed in the family Goodeniaceae, nearly all of which are found in Australia's arid regions.
The events, for this sport, took place on the 9 and 10 September 2013.
CHMT-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 93.1 FM in Timmins, Ontario.
Balanbale (Somali: Balanballe), also spelled as Balanbal, is the district in Galguduud region of Somalia.
Alfons Hecher (born 16 October 1943) is a German former wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Puppets are featured, and are played by the Famous People Players.
He has been a member of the World Health Organization Executive Board since 2013.
The medication has also been used to treat benign prostatic hyperplasia in animals.
He held a variety of technical positions and became head of ESPN's new technology division in 2005.
The tramway are part of the Allagash Wilderness Waterway, a Maine state park.
Road accidents in Tamil Nadu, a state in South India, are among the highest in India.
Crime Contagion Model relates to the idea, whether crime is contagious.
It supported messaging conferences, questionnaires, doors (through the DORINFO1.DEF dropfile), and much more.
Raced in early to mid June over a distance of one and one-eighth miles, it is open to three-year-old horses.
Imraguens de Nouadhibou started from the semis and lost to Africa Sports there in two matches.
Wirft is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
United States Intelligence Community Oversight duties are shared by both the executive and legislative branches of the government.
The main exhibition space is the Nelson Fine Arts Center, designed by architect Antoine Predock.
He was born in Maryland, United States to a Danish mother and an American father, but grew up in Denmark.
The song also appeared in the movies Prince of Tides, Diner, and Perfect Sisters.
Diceball! was designed to mirror the statistical reality of baseball.
The mansion is now owned by a volunteer historical society.
It was met with mixed reception from television critics, who went on to criticize the episode's humor.
Miss Young and Her All Boy Band is Kristeen Young's debut studio album.
The San Jose Spiders won the AUDL Championship over the Madison Radicals at Avaya Stadium in San Jose, California.
Frog Baby Fountain is a statue set in the middle of a fountain on the Ball State University campus.
The school has a Visual and Performing Arts Academy; one of eight magnet programs in Virginia Beach.
Ilich Augusto Lozano Herrera (born 12 June 1982) is a Mexican politician from the Party of the Democratic Revolution.
It is the only episode of the series for which Groening received an individual writing credit.
The live tracks were recorded at The Metro Theater, Sydney on 19 & 20 March 1998.
Personae was described by Stephen Watson as 'one of the best debut volumes in recent years'.Poetry Personae.
Five route numbers are duplicated in the system, though the corresponding highways are separated by state lines which prevent confusion.
As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,110 and it contained 790 housing units.
29 colleges and universities also offer Master's degree level of studies, as do four research institutes.
With the outbreak of the Anglo-Boer War in 1899 he was with Rhodes in Kimberley when it was besieged.
Sydenham is a suburb in the Inner West of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.
However, well clusters require drilling multiple boreholes, which results in higher construction costs compared to nested wells.
Kloetinge is currently playing in the Saturday Hoofdklasse B League (4th tier).
Babi Island (Indonesian: Pulau Babi, literally Pig Island) is an island located off the coast of Flores, East Nusa Tenggara.
The term posthitis comes from the Greek "posthe", meaning foreskin, and "-itis", meaning inflammation.
The projects mainly test the aerodynamic, mass and friction properties of a car.
This is a small, densely tufted annual grass growing up to 15 centimeters tall.
Encounter with the Unknown is a 1973 American horror film directed by Harry Thomason and narrated by Rod Serling.
Schools, organizations, and even governments celebrate JAM with events ranging from free concerts to educational programs.
The OCHF is administered by an executive committee elected annually by its members.
It was the first web browser for the classic Mac OS platform, and the first for any non-Unix operating system.
Conjectura glabella is a species of small sea snail or micromollusc, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Crosseolidae.
The population of the CDP was 1,402 at the 2010 census, out of 6,610 people in the entire town.
The show ended on the 27th of July, 2007 because Lazlow is "working on the biggest project of his life."
The role and powers of the superintendent varies among areas.
He was Chairman of Paramount Television Group and President of Universal Television for more than ten years each.
The soundtrack includes music by Basil Poledouris, Tom Verlaine, the Kronos Quartet, and R. L. Burnside.
The album includes "The Mosquito", the last Doors single to chart.
On January 5, 2010, the team announced the four finalists of the name-the-team contest; Storm, Blizzard, Pulse, and Punishers.
Sal Hamaoui founded the company and serves as the President while Trevin Adams is the Vice President of FIP.
He made a cameo appearance as the cab driver on Madonna's 2005 video for "Hung Up".
The 2014 awards were given out at a ceremony held at the Sundance Cinemas Houston on January 10, 2015.
Outside South America the classification is not commonly used, but rivers with clearwater characteristics are found elsewhere.
Drug discovery is done by pharmaceutical companies, with research assistance from universities.
Atlantic Records, King Crimson's original North American distributor, declined release of Earthbound because of its poor sound engineering.
He played for the Belfast Giants and Sheffield Steelers in the Elite Ice Hockey League.
Jake T. Forbes is credited as the creator, and Chris Lie is the illustrator.
The scientific name rubiginosus means "full of rust", describing the color of the bird's wings and back.
The strike was defeated after twenty weeks, and membership of the union fell to under 500.
Longino Welch was an American track and field athlete for Georgia Tech.
The team was formed in 1950 by Glen and Leonard Wood, hence the "Wood Brothers".
Pradoxa urdambideli is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Muricidae, the dove snails.
It is a significant local example of Renaissance and Colonial Revival architecture, designed by Hartwell, Richardson & Driver.
Syracuse Stage is a professional non-profit theater company in Syracuse, New York, United States.
To All We Stretch the Open Arm, and appeared on the David Byrne album Feelings.
Bulbophyllum longipedicellatum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
On March 16, 2006, the communication system malfunctioned so that it was transmitting unmodulated carrier wave and unable to communicate.
The island was named after the statesman Edward Sackville, 4th Earl of Dorset.
Following Bryan's death after the Scopes Trial, his son, William Jennings Bryan, Jr., briefly accepted the presidency of the league.
Tunisian cuisine, the cuisine of Tunisia, is a blend of Mediterranean and desert dwellers' culinary traditions.
He also wrote the libretto, based on the play Der Revisor (The Government Inspector) by Nikolai Gogol.
Stubblefield is best known for being a modern master of the Hammond B3 organ.
5-kinase type-1 beta is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the PIP5K1B gene.
Alappuzha railway station (also known as Alleppey railway station, code: ALLP) is located at Alappuzha, Alappuzha District, in Kerala, India.
The route is followed in order to preserve the old right of way along which the quarried stone was transported.
The software has also recently been ported to Nvidia's CUDA platform.
Marie A. Lederer (born October 24, 1927) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
The 1932 SANFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football competition.
Cottica is on the Lawa River, the eastern border of Suriname.
Pachydactylus griffini is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae.
They are considered difficult to maintain in cultivation without a controlled growing environment.
It took off from the beach again the next day following refueling.
Immediately after World War II, New York City became known as one of the world's greatest cities.
It is sub-divided into five pastoral areas, which in turn contain 19 parishes.
Upper Turkeyfoot Township is a township in Somerset County, Pennsylvania, United States.
The Grzegorz Fitelberg International Competition for Conductors is one of Poland's premier conducting competitions.
The Lego Mindstorms programmable construction set system is named after the book.
They are basically scrolls of narratives from mythology and folklore.
Uptown is a PID (public improvement district) and an upscale neighborhood in Dallas, Texas.
Cruzeiro and Estudiantes played in their 4th and 5th Copa Libertadores finals, respectively.
Singing in the Twins Wonderland (Volume 1) is the 9th CD of Twins and was released in November 2003.
Peranap Coal Mine is a coal mine located in East Kalimantan.
The team has won Engineering and Technical Academy Awards and patents for their work in Motion Picture Sciences.
It was assigned the NATO reporting name SS-N-4 Sark and carried the GRAU index 4K50.
Crobylophora metallifera is a moth in the family Lyonetiidae that is endemic to South Africa.
According to De Barrios, Cardoso also published Varias Poesias (1680).
The MONA or Hodges number for Megathymus ursus is 4151.
For a while he replaced the Earth-712 version, but ultimately dies fighting against the Earth-712 Hyperion.
Its natural habitats are mesic closed-canopy rainforests where it is usually found beside streams.
Syrrhopeus agelastoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Syrrhopeus.
It travels over a high plateau adjacent to the Lye Brook Wilderness in the Green Mountain National Forest (GMNF).
Lou Ann Hammond has worked in the energy and transportation fields.
Common applications include space heating, cooking, water heating and industrial processes.
Educational institutions may not be legally required to obtain independent accreditation, depending on local laws.
They competed in the Yorkshire Football League and FA Amateur Cup.
This is a list of middle schools in Central Virginia.
It tells the story of the struggle of African Americans to register to vote in the fictional town of Quinlan.
They can be found in most hop-growing (and former hop-growing) areas and are often good examples of vernacular architecture.
Bon Jovi's video for 'Sleep when I'm dead' was filmed at New Hall Manor in 1993.
It is currently represented by Democrat Jesse Gabriel of Encino.
Epichoristodes leucocymba is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.
As of 2007, it employs 35 academic staff, 25 support staff, 35 affiliated research staff, and about 155 research students.
Attempts to remove her from the reef failed, and she was abandoned.
Occasionally they were joined by other puppets, such as Boris the ladybird, Cardew the caterpillar and Katie the bird.
The agency's original acronym (Supreme Headquarters, International Espionage, Law-enforcement Division) was altered (Strategic Hazard Intervention Espionage Logistics Directorate).
Gene is considered a hero in his home country and almost universally regarded as a rugby league legend.
Netconcepts specialized in SEO for Fortune 500 ecommerce companies and major media brands.
It was the last Constitution directed by the 1831 Delaware Constitution.
The theater's former lot is now covered by the Hilton Sydney.
The sanctuary was gazetted on 1 January 1999 and covers an area of 10,250 hectares.
Tongue cleaning is done less often than tooth brushing, flossing, and using mouthwash.
In the 1970s, he successfully halted an urban expansion project that would have widened the streets of the Old City.
The earliest proposals for exploitation of hydropower on the Potomac were made in the 1880s.
The Dutch singer Ilse DeLange wrote and sang the title song for the movie: "Miracle".
James Shane (born 18 December 1989) is an English middle distance runner.
It was released on October 30, 2002 in North America and a week later in Europe.
His childhood was nurtured by the care and guidance of his father.
Lace was a Canadian country music group who formed in 1998 with the backing of music producer David Foster.
Steve Martini (born 1946) is an American writer of legal novels.
In early times the instruments used in modern times were also accompanied by saxophone, flute, violin and bass violin.
He began his musical career with the release of his first album, "Urgent Message" in 2003.
Hye-young, also spelled Hye-yeong or Hye-yong, is a Korean feminine given name.
The city is also connected to Udaipur City via Mavli Jn.
Weenzen is a village and a former municipality in the district of Hildesheim in Lower Saxony, Germany.
The Locust United Methodist Church is a historic African-American church in Columbia, Maryland.
The SH-101 was produced in three colors: gray, blue, and red.
Cameron Lake was named for Daniel Cameron, a pioneer settler.
Scotty Cannon is an innovator of drag racing in the Pro Modified class in the International Hot Rod Association (IHRA).
The district includes Woolen Mills Chapel, previously listed on the National Register.
The common name is shared with closely related varieties T. fluminensis and T. pallida.
At the age of 27, Carron Lodge died at home from an overdose of sulphonal.
She attended Johnson C. Smith University and studied biology and chemistry, graduating in 1963.
Many parishes are quite rural and therefore have small police juries.
The material was recorded in 2004, but the release was delayed for several reasons for four years.
On 30 December 2009, both Chipmunk and Talay performed the song live on GMTV on ITV1.
The film is about how a man's life is altered unexpectedly after telling a lie to get out of work.
Sri Laxmi Venkatesh Temple is foremost temple of Gowda Saraswatha Brahmins in and around Kanhangad.
The sign is named after French physician Armand Trousseau who described the phenomenon in 1861.
Choaib Belhaj Salah (born June 4, 1987) is a Tunisian Olympic volleyball player.
Born in Washington, D.C. in 1970 and a graduate of Annandale High School in Annandale, Virginia, Crittenden attended Virginia Tech.
Percy Sugden is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, played by Bill Waddington.
An automobile can also be produced for a specific industry if the demand is sufficient to meet cost/volume factors.
When the United States entered World War I, he volunteered for the Army, joining a Virginia National Guard unit.
Carbohydrate sulfotransferase 12 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the CHST12 gene.
The song has sold 675,000 copies in the UK as of May 2015.
He is famous for his '10 minute break' at the end of the lesson.
Paramussardia flavoscutellata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Propatria is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
Conversion disorder (CD) is a diagnostic category used in some psychiatric classification systems.
In 2009 she was appointed to the board of Becta (British Educational Communications and Technology Agency).
The following are cited as advantages of millicode: More complex instructions can easily be constructed from several millicode instructions.
This is a list of governors for Kalmar County of Sweden, from 1634 to present.
The novel sold well, and a second edition soon followed, although critics were divided in their opinion of the work.
Cenla Broadcasting is a radio broadcaster located in Alexandria, Louisiana.
NOLA is the debut studio album by American heavy metal band Down, released on September 19, 1995 by Elektra Records.
He is a graduate of the Achimota School and a former conductor of the National Symphony Orchestra Ghana.
The song was covered by The Bamboos, featuring Megan Washington released by Tru Thoughts in November 2011.
C&C Yachts is a builder of high-performance fiberglass monohull sloop-rigged sailboats.
In 1946, Belle of the Yukon received Academy Award nominations for Best Original Song and Best Music Scoring.
Welle Ossou (born March 11, 1991) is an Italian professional football player currently playing for Rosignano Sei Rose.
He sat as Member of Parliament for Sussex and Steyning.
As there is only one ship in this class, INS Aditya is the lead ship.
The smallest of the family is the Picco pipe, while the largest is the Fujara.
The book is about Leys' six-month stay in China, which he made in 1972.
Ballas released his first solo CD HurtLoveBox in March 2011.
From My Father memoir, the first classmate the ten-year-old Obama meets at Punahou School.
Although Lamar and numerous other defendants were prosecuted, none was convicted of any crime.
The National Culture Fund of Bulgaria is the official arts council for Bulgaria.
The name alludes to the Sargasso Sea of the Atlantic Ocean, which lies next to the Bermuda Triangle.
In the cabinet reshuffle of 27 May 2011, he retained his cabinet post.
There will be nine double events, seven in Mexico and two in United States (both in Texas).
The ruddy kingfisher (Halcyon coromanda) is a medium-sized tree kingfisher, widely distributed in east and southeast Asia.
Simfit is developed using Silverfrost Limited's FTN95 Fortran Compiler and is currently featured on their website as a showcased application.
They can be heard in 13 counties in Upstate NY.
She was named a Member of the British Empire in 2010.
David Joel Friedman (born Washington, D. C.) is an American poet.
Half Moon Bay has a lifesaving club and a pier and has the Red Bluff Cliffs just along the beach.
Warren Township is a township in Bradford County, Pennsylvania, United States.
The history of the English non-League football system encompasses the history of Non-League football in England.
At the 1964 Summer Olympics, he placed tenth together with James Edmonds.
The Finsteraarrothorn (3,530 m) is a mountains of the Bernese Alps, overlooking the Fiescher Glacier in the canton of Valais.
18S rRNA is the eukaryotic cytosolic homologue of 16S ribosomal RNA in prokaryotes and mitochondria.
Jinanichthys is an extinct genus of osteoglossiform which existed in China during the early Cretaceous period.
Rhinolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
The presentation of Kabbalah was developed by its director, Philip Berg, along with his wife, Karen Berg.
Blaze of Glory is the third studio album from Bone Thugs-n-Harmony member Flesh-n-Bone.
It also hosts the 80th Flying Training Wing, the world's only internationally manned and managed flying training program.
Softly, Softly: Task Force is a police based drama series which ran on BBC 1 from 1969 to 1976.
SWB changed its name to Namibia Breweries Limited when Namibia gained independence on March 21, 1990.
Piana is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica.
La Moda is the third studio album by Yaga & Mackie.
La Selle-Craonnaise is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France.
Forget Death is the twelfth studio album by power electronics band Whitehouse, released in September 1992 through Susan Lawly.
It is named for a mineral springs near the original town site.
Dr Darien Graham-Smith is a British journalist, scholar and thespian.
Franklin has stood as an independent candidate for Parliament several times and founded the Silent Majority Party.
In 1889 the area of the historic county formed the administrative county of Huntingdonshire.
The journal was established in 1988 as Current Opinion in Neurology and Neurosurgery and obtained its current name in 1993.
It is architecturally a good example of Federal period civic/religious architecture of the period.
Bergstrom lives in Madison, Wisconsin with his wife and two children.
He was the first NHL player to attempt a penalty shot; George Hainsworth saved his attempt.
Yeardley designated his secretary, John Pory, a council member, as Speaker of the General Assembly.
From March 2015, the series airs as part of the "Weans' World" block on STV Glasgow and STV Edinburgh.
The school is widely known as the V.I. and a student of the Victoria Institution is known as a Victorian.
Despite the loss the Rams earned an at-large berth to the NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship.
This three-disk set includes two CDs of interviews with Watson interspersed with music.
Introduced as an internet predator, the character later developed into a "good person", keeping away from criminal activity.
After playing junior football in Newcastle, he started his senior football career in Queensland, playing for Redcliffe.
He was first introduced to the LDS Church by his uncle in the early 1970s.
The test is administered by the American Dental Association (A.D.A.).
Teshie stretches from the Kpeshie Lagoon to Teshie-Nungua Estates (first junction) from East to West on the Teshie Road.
The Yaqui topminnow or Sonora topminnow is a species of fish in the family Poeciliidae.
Established in 1895, it functioned until 1937 when it was absorbed into Saddleworth Urban District.
In 1832 this was increased to three Members of Parliament.
The radio edit by JJ reached #6 on the UK charts.
The Doi Inthanon bent-toed gecko (Cyrtodactylus inthanon) is a species of gecko that is endemic to northern Thailand.
Henryk Tomasz Wojtynek (born March 23, 1950) is a former Polish ice hockey goaltender.
She was paid off in 1919 and sold for scrap in 1922.
Soon after arrival, she is kidnapped for the sorceress Achren.
Buttar is a Punjabi poet (born in Nabha, Punjab) known for his short poems.
This is a list of Presidents of The Asiatic Society of Bengal (Calcutta).
The film premiered on October 7, 2009 in Canada and December 26, 2009 in the US.
The race started in Murcia and finished at the Castle of Lorca.
It is not known whether or not the grass was ever used as a remedy for toothache.
The film was released on direct-to-video on August 7, 2001 by Paramount Home Video.
She is the wife of Peter Mukerjea, a retired Indian television executive.
Dippy Diplomat is the 15th animated cartoon short subject in the Woody Woodpecker series.
Molinadendron hondurense is a species of plant in the Hamamelidaceae family.
Christmas Is... is a 1989 Christmas EP by Johnny Maestro & the Brooklyn Bridge.
As of 2013, the AAW was affiliated with nearly 350 local chapters worldwide.
The standard author abbreviation de Lange is used to indicate this person as the author when citing a botanical name.
Student & Starter was founded in 2013 and is run by students and post-graduates.
David Fricke of Rolling Stone described Gang of Four as "probably the best politically motivated band in rock & roll."
Bidvest Protea Coin is a major private security company based in South Africa.
In 1947, the "German People's Congress for Unity and Just Peace" met in Berlin.
It can be used to promote second language learning (English and other languages) and learning in all areas.
Orbital Period is the fifth studio album by Bump of Chicken, released on December 19, 2007.
Season 3 concluded on August 16, 2011 and was canceled shortly after.
Heavy Meta is the third studio album by Nekrogoblikon, released on June 2, 2015.
His work includes development of the hypothesis that tuberculosis led to the extinction of the mastodon.
The recreation area is considered one of the best fishing regions in the U.S. and Rafting is available.
Offley was born in Crewe and educated at Oriel College, Oxford.
At the time of the Michelin stars, head chef was Wulf Engel.
For an alphabetical list of articles on Greek films see Category:Greek films.
Two of Peck's The Return of The Living Dead co-stars, James Karen and Clu Gulager, appear.
She was also titled Ambassador of diversity at National Bank of Canada.
Studios are located in Brighton, Massachusetts, and has a transmitter in Peabody, Massachusetts.
Pedro Wygodzinsky wrote the most recent revision of this group.
The Women's Australian team is preparing for the World Games 2017 in Wroclaw (Poland) in July 2017..
Shinnecock Hills is a founding member of the United States Golf Association.
The organization manages the .jp ccTLD, including the operation of the registry and DNS servers.
Liotta has published approximately 250 research publications and holds 75 US patents as of May 2016.
Devin Patrick Dwyer (born 1982/1983) is an American digital reporter and television journalist.
The brigades of 12th Division are deployed all across Azad Jammu Kashmir and the Line of Control.
He is a devout Christian and currently attends Northwest Family Church in Calgary, Alberta, where he lives.
He was imprisoned by the Barakzai and his brother took the throne.
The Inca leadership encouraged the worship of their gods, the foremost of which was Inti, the sun god.
It was released on January 16, 2012 in the United Kingdom and January 17, 2012 in the United States.
The album sold well, and success bloomed all over Europe, Asia, and even the United States.
The film was shot in Lido degli Scacchi in the Ferrara province of the Emilia-Romagna region in northern Italy.
Eoconodontus is an extinct genus of conodonts of the Late Cambrian.
Mwepu career begun with Kafue Celtic in Lusaka before been identified with the 2013 Airtel Rising Stars.
The range was so named on account of its "spectral" appearance.
The United Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) is a computer-based standardized examination for prospective undergraduates in Nigeria.
Football in Yorkshire refers to the sport of association football in relation to its participation and history within Yorkshire, England.
Ecojesuit publishes primarily through its online newsletter online and also through Facebook and Twitter.
They are also called upon to respond first to any counter-terrorist action, before the arrival of Pasukan Gerakan Khas reinforcements.
It sits at the prominent Cleveland intersection of East Ninth and St. Clair.
It was released on June 8, 2004 by Sub Pop Records.
She taught children's literature at St. John's University, New York.
In 1998 he received the Order of Australia for services to public administration, formulation of public policy,and UNESCO.
Philip Martin Cunningham, MBE (born 1960 in Edinburgh, Scotland) is a Scottish folk musician and composer.
The plot focuses on a small Virginia town where a serial killer is targeting teenaged virgins.
The 2004 FIA GT Championship season was the 8th season of the FIA GT Championship.
Saratoga is an unincorporated community in Saratoga Township, Winona County, Minnesota, United States.
Trichonius picticollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
The protocol is used in recreation vehicles to allow house and chassis components to communicate.
Kristian Kushta (born 19 December 1997), is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Greek club PAOK.
The population was 8,644 at the 2010 census, and it is part of the greater Evansville, Indiana, Metropolitan Area.
The Open Book is the fourth album by American rapper Hush.
Carolyn Mackenzie (born in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian journalist.
The British Army raised the minimum age needed to serve in Northern Ireland to 18 in response to this incident.
Founded in 1962, the see was originally established as the Diocese of Labuan and Sarawak in 1855.
Lucas accepted and spent two years as an investigator in the civil rights division.
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1641.
Aridaria is a small genus of flowering plants in the family Aizoaceae.
Lobenzarit (INN) is a drug used in the treatment of arthritis.
Irons also played for the Florida Tuskers and Sacramento Mountain Lions.
The area had an ever-expanding population after 1945 as prosperous suburbs of Derby were built outside the city boundaries.
It usually takes place in the last week of February.
He is known for making films which are rare combination of esthetic values and commercial success.
The Loser is a novel by Thomas Bernhard, originally published in German in 1983.
Creation of the district was approved at the state level in 2001 but it has not yet received national certification.
Papilio sakontala is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in India.
In his writings Kimball has dealt with how sports and race relations interplay in Utah history.
JAMDA's readership includes internists, family/general practitioners, nurses, rehabilitation therapists, researchers and persons interested in caring for older persons.
Among notable persons with that cognomen are Quintus Petillius Cerialis and Sextus Vettulenus Cerialis.
The competition was open to the leading domestic club teams in the region.
The Terra Securities scandal was a scandal that became public in November 2007.
The Huachihuanhe Formation is a Mesozoic geologic formation in China.
Retigyra is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks, unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
This is a list of films produced in Italy in 2011 (see 2011 in film).
White Rim Sandstone is a sandstone geologic formation located in southeastern Utah.
Neohipparion is an extinct genus of equid, from the Neogene (Miocene to Pliocene) of North America and Central America.
In 2009, the group supported two legislative efforts, House Joint Resolution 10 and Senate Joint Resolution 9.
This book also marks the entry of Borei Gowda as detective protagonist.
For the previously aired defunct programs of GMA News TV, see List of programs aired by Q/GMA News TV.
After 1972, the Salto di Quirra activities in the field of rocketry were limited to national programs.
The Philip Nice House is a single-family home located at 321 Center Street in Mason, Michigan.
Zan Stewart (born March 29, 1944) is an American jazz writer, musician and former disk jockey.
It is included in the Dharmapuri parliamentary constituency for elections to the Parliament of India.
For a day or so Agamemnon towed Pitt, which was quite slow.
Some editions of this album contained the previous release, 'Force Fields At Home' as an additional bonus disk.
Conophorus fallax is a species of bee fly in the family Bombyliidae.
Bujaci is a village in Pljevlja Municipality, in northern Montenegro.
The Nag Hammadi codices are currently housed in the Coptic Museum in Cairo, Egypt.
They are suited to touring and other long distance usage.
Ulugulli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
His batting performances in the 2014/15 Vinoo Mankad Trophy has received appreciation from many current and former Indian cricketers.
It was released posthumously as a Record Store Day release on 22 April 2017 through Parlophone record label.
By 1973 it was found to be illusory, being just water with any number of common organic compounds contaminating it.
In this plan, the entire Galilee and a corridor from Jaffa to Jerusalem would remain under British mandate.
The Summit format is used in jazz to bring together performers on a particular musical instrument.
Mount Barnard in Glacier Bay National Park and Preserve was posthumously named in his honor by the International Boundary Commission.
The rock art of the Figuig region of Morocco consists of prehistoric engravings, which date to the Neolithic period.
Simmonds represented New Zealand as a finalist at the US Open.
Film Awards Berlin, often shortened to ifab, is an annual film festival held in the city of Berlin, Germany.
Centre for Applied Ethics (CAE) at Hong Kong Baptist University was founded in 1992.
It has plans to build a new stadium at Tivim.
The orbital distance from the star is almost twice that of from Earth to the Sun.
Irish clothes are generally very well-made and have a long history of significance attached to them.
Seth Meyers was named as Fallon's replacement, and Late Night with Seth Meyers debuted after the Sochi Olympics.
The company also distributes hotels on Online Travel Agents (OTAs), Global Distribution Systems, and metasearch engines.
The tournament was held from August 10 through August 16, 1998.
KCB Bank Uganda Limited (KCB Bank Uganda), is a commercial bank in Uganda.
It has orthologous genes and predicted proteins in vertebrates and several invertebrates, but not in arthropods.
Most of the occurrences have few individuals, and all are deteriorating in quality.
It is set in the Ninth or Tenth Dynasty around Herakleopolis.
He performed on rare occasions with a "backup band", claiming that a fictitious robot band had malfunctioned.
He made his international debut the following season against Scotland and kicked a penalty in a 7-6 victory.
A selection of plug-ins enhances the package adding interference detection, 4D time simulation, photorealistic rendering and PDF-like publishing.
The event used to attract more than 1,000 participants and thousands of spectators.
He received the Charles Wallace Arts Award for research at the British Film Institute, London, 2003.
Darlong (Dalong) is an unclassified Sino-Tibetan (possibly Kuki-Chin) language of India.
He also appeared in the North American Soccer League for the Baltimore Comets.
Based in Oregon, Wisconsin, Shadow competes in Drum Corps International (DCI).
The development process was started in 1994 and the first public release appeared in 1997.
Lamberti is an attorney and is president of Block, Lamberti, & Gocke law firm.
It debuted on the National Geographic Channel on March 29, 2015.
Chuquibamba District is one of eight districts of the province Condesuyos in Peru.
The single premiered on radio on September 23, 2009, though the single was officially released six days later.
Facing the grandstand is a steep natural banking, south facing, which attracts many spectators on a sunny sports day.
Classes in the Hauptgebaude were solely taught in German until 1917.
It is found in the Guiana Shield and in Amazonia in South America, including Colombia.
This is a list of operating systems with a sharp security focus.
Colvale or Colovale is a census town in North Goa district in the state of Goa, India.
A significant aspect of Azerbaijani tourism industry is medical tourism.
She is considered a "hybrid" author, having successfully self-published while maintaining active contracts with small independent presses, and traditional publishers.
Mfouati is a district in the Bouenza Region of southern Republic of the Congo.
Greenville is a city in Butler County, Alabama, United States.
It was located at the foot of Rowland Street, southeast of Annette Street and Evelyn Avenue in West Toronto Junction.
About 5 months later he returned with a finished version of a commercial "looped" for the next Bud Billiken Parade.
Battle of the Immortals is a free-to-play massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) by Perfect World Entertainment.
Digital Photography Review, also known as DPReview, is a website about digital cameras and digital photography, established in November 1998.
Elected to the House in 1960, Boos was also a delegate to the 1964 Democratic National Convention.
Arun Rai (born 1963) is an Indian born American scientist.
Stuckism has since grown into an international art movement of 230 groups in 52 countries, as of April 2012.
It was released on December 16, 2008 for digital download.
It is an album of cover versions of seminal hardcore punk songs from the early-1980s to mid-1990s.
The action of the ITB and its associated muscles is to extend, abduct, and laterally rotate the hip.
It has also been adapted into a Lifetime Television original movie that premiered on December 6, 2010.
Christian Schreier (born 4 February 1959) is a former German footballer who is currently general manager of SC Paderborn.
S. K. Rajendran is an Indian politician and was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu.
Engineer in Chief or ENC is the chief engineer of Bangladesh Army.
It was based on a Lola T333CS, and was developed into the Spyder NF-11 in 1979.
It premiered in Australia in at the 2007 Adelaide Film Festival and had live accompaniment by the Stiletto Sisters.
The film is a period drama set in the mid-20th century in Munnar, Western Ghats.
Smith has since returned to radio, hosting a weeknight show for rival Fox Sports Radio.
Oak Grove was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
He has also published on the way in which globalization is perceived and debated in contemporary China.
On October 7, 2015, the Tarpons announced that they were joining American Indoor Football.
He held the position of Poormaster for the city of Hoboken, New Jersey.
Eight battalions were raised, with the first arriving in Durban in March 1902.
Jonathan Cristian Schunke (born 22 February 1987) is an Argentine footballer who plays as defender for Estudiantes.
It is the final Barenaked Ladies album to include Steven Page, who departed the band on February 25, 2009.
The 1947 Penn State Nittany Lions football team represented the Pennsylvania State University in the 1947 college football season.
It never had a strong central organization, and was more of a network than an organized movement.
The economy of the village is centered on agriculture and allied activities.
It was a landmark precedent pertaining to First Amendment free speech arguments for hate crime legislation.
All-Stars to the Rescue, which was introduced by then-President George H. W. Bush and his wife, First Lady Barbara Bush.
Theriophonum is a genus of flowering plants in the family Araceae.
1 by Two is a 2014 Indian Malayalam psychological thriller film directed by Arun Kumar Aravind and written by Jeyamohan.
With about 40 permanent residents, it is a year-round destination for hiking, hunting, snowshoeing and snowmobiling.
The final team membership as submitted to the IAAF was announced on July 29, 2013.
There are two remarkable hangars on the airfield, constructed in 1947 by builder-architect Alfred Hardy (architect).
Tatom had, himself, been elected in a special election the previous year.
The device consists of special semi-transparent mirror glass with an LCD TV behind the mirrored surface.
Munio Pillinger was a male Austrian international table tennis player.
John A. Carrig (born January 14, 1952) served as the chief operating officer and president for ConocoPhillips.
It has species-rich limestone grassland on the slopes and ponds and scrub in the bottoms.
The program did not return in 2016, instead replaced by Speers Tonight.
The third creation was on 8 January 1781, in the Peerage of Ireland, for Thomas Knox, later Viscount Northland.
The film had its world premiere at the Venice Film Festival on September 3, 2016.
It is based on the 1927 novel Twenty-Four Hours in the Life of a Woman by Stefan Zweig.
It was filmed in 1975 and starring Sasha Montenegro and Jorge Rivero.
In 1919 she gave birth to a son, Henry Murray Kelcher.
The legislature distribution is roughly based upon caseloads of the various circuits.
Ceratophyllus borealis , also known as the boreal flea, is an ectoparasite of birds.
Neringa Venckiene is a Lithuanian judge, politician, anti-pedophilia activist, writer, and a former member of Seimas of Lithuania.
Kydex sheet was originally produced in 1965 by Rohm and Haas, having been designed for use in aircraft interiors.
She was found in 1948 almost intact in the sea bottom outside the modern city of Kotka.
Todd Angkasuwan is a Thai-American music video and documentary film director.
In 1958 in recognition of services rendered it was given the title the Royal Regiment of New Zealand Artillery.
The Resort was opened in May 1995 and was home to the 1995 Miss Universe Pageant.
The majority of the statute has now been superseded by newer laws.
The episode earned a nomination at the 68th Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Cinematography for a Single-Camera Series.
He lived there until 1887, when he moved to Stockton, Utah.
It also provides a variety of cloud-storage services such as Box, Dropbox, Google Drive, OneDrive, etc.
Ten Haken was seen in advertising campaigns for companies such as Versace, Armani collezioni, Armani exchange and La Perla.
The Convention's main innovation is that the scope of salvage law has been extended to cover "environmental salvage".
The related concept of dysplasia refers to an abnormality of development, and includes abnormalities on larger, histopathologic scales.
The Highlander (also known as the Highlander Shorthair, and originally as the Highland Lynx), is an experimental breed of cat.
WTUG-FM (92.9 FM) is a radio station serving the Tuscaloosa, Alabama, vicinity with an Urban Adult Contemporary format.
It was listed on the NRHP for its architecture and its history.
Elsbeth von Nathusius (17 January 1846 - 10 July 1928) was a German story writer.
The Duke Quartet has a strong relationship with some modern composers such as Kevin Volans and Joby Talbot.
Timothy Kitum (born 20 November 1994) is a Kenyan middle distance runner.
Text Santa was a charity initiative set up in 2011 by ITV to support UK-based charities during the Christmas period.
Tiger Telematics, or Tiger, was a Swedish electronics company, best known for the failed Gizmondo handheld game console.
Vicki Hodge (born 17 October 1946) is an English actress and model.
Paul George Hardyman (born 11 May 1964 in Portsmouth) is an English former footballer and coach.
He spent three years at the German club, his last season being marred by injury.
He is the grandfather of former NSA contractor Edward Snowden.
It was released on April 15, 2008, via Capitol Records.
She has also attended a theology college and is a social worker.
The technology probably spread across Eurasia in the wake of the Mongol invasions of the mid-13th century.
Angus Finlay Hutton (1928-2016) was a British naturalist born in India.
Rogers previously operated under the brand names Rogers@Home, Rogers Yahoo!
Vouvouni is a village on the island of Grande Comore in the Comoros.
Metopograpsus messor is a species of crab that lives in mangroves from East Africa to Fiji.
Cataegis finkli is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cataegidae.
The number of women in the House would not fall below ten again.
Play for the PSAC Championship offered an automatic bid into the NCAA Division II Football Championship.
It had previously won several Australian Toy of the Year and Wheel Toy of the Year awards.
Cartist Automobile Art Festival is an annual art festival held in Jaipur, the capital of Indian state Rajasthan.
It starts at the junction of State Highway 146, and ends at 19th Avenue.
Sentencing guidelines are non-binding guidelines that inform sentencing in law.
It has also been found in the States of Sinaloa and Jalisco to the south.
The new main grandstand, opened in 2007, is an all seated 7,500 capacity stand along the south touchline.
It is in of the Chilterns Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, and it is listed in A Nature Conservation Review.
March Engineering was a Formula One constructor and manufacturer of customer racing cars from the United Kingdom.
Color psychology is also widely used in marketing and branding.
The format was based on a mix of the number puzzle Sudoku and general knowledge questions.
Desmiphora neoflavescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Omoglymmius cavea is a species of beetle in the subfamily Rhysodidae.
In July 1958 the military characteristics were approved for the new warhead and the design released.
Previously, Ballymore Eustace and Eadestown combined for minor purposes under the name Oliver Plunkett's.
His cult is centered at Houthem near Valkenburg in the south of the province of Limburg.
For Malaysian Composers in 2003 the event was a triumph for the local music scene.
Deuell had led a three-candidate field in the primary on March 4, with 23,847 votes (48.5 percent).
Flights to Miquelon were introduced in 1979 and to Montreal two years later.
The software was released in 2006 with the latest update being from 2009.
At least the former appears to have had a much more reduced lifespan compared to the modern tuatara.
The Diamondbacks placed him on waivers, and he was claimed by the Detroit Tigers.
It is also known as one-up-one-down weave or over and under pattern.
Forty-nine horses ran and all returned safely to the stables.
Many original works of fantasy appear to retell fairy tales in a revisionist manner.
He also played for the Washington Redskins and Atlanta Falcons.
The book was first published by Macmillan and Company, London.
The winning team of Glenn Howard will represent Ontario at the 2013 Tim Hortons Brier in Edmonton, Alberta.
After the renovation, the Crimson Tide women's basketball and volleyball programs moved back to Foster Auditorium, their original home.
The series debuted on August 9, 2010.On March 7, 2011, The series' 16-episode Season 2 premiered.
Currently there are no plans for any further Enthusiasts reunions.
He became the first Chief of the Air Force Division of the National Guard Bureau in 1948.
The association views the Scout Movement as part of the wider Woodcraft Movement.
Trephionus babai, is a species of beetle belonging to the family Carabidae.
It had a student population from more than 50 countries.
In 1974, Sterling opened a manufacturing plant in McPherson, Kansas.
Its last assignment was as part of the 310th Bombardment Wing, stationed at Shilling Air Force Base, Kansas.
A post office called Powell Siding was established in 1892, and remained in operation until 1900.
Aidoo was most successful during the 2000 season, when he broke conference records for rushing yards and touchdowns.
Simon Joyner lives in Omaha with his wife and three children.
Repayment of the war reparations due by Germany were suspended in 1932 following the Lausanne Conference of 1932.
He is a member of the IEEE and Tau Beta Pi.
It is intended to be an XML-based companion to PDF.
Based in Toronto, Ontario, it is the largest independent LGBTQ+ archive in the world.
Senusret III was among the few Egyptian kings who were deified and honored with a cult during their own lifetime.
This genus has a wide geographic range and contains the majority of species in the subfamily Opiinae.
He was the first LDS Church general authority from Guatemala.
1271 Avenue of the Americas is a 48-story office building located in Rockefeller Center in New York City.
To date the company has created 8 unique, original flavors, which address specific regional demands.
Kirkdale TMD is a traction maintenance depot located beside Kirkdale railway station in north Liverpool, England.
The new Perth Observatory is sometimes referred to as Bickley Observatory (obs. code 322, 323).
He succeeded Donald MacDonald as the party's leader, after MacDonald lost his seat in the 1945 general election.
The population was 43 at the 2010 census, down from 55 at the 2000 census.
Alexis Mang-Ikri Wangmene (born March 1, 1989) is a Cameroonian professional basketball player.
Garbo is the only cast member in both versions and noticeably differs in her appearance in the two.
It did not win, but Atkins's collaboration with Jerry Reed Me and Jerry did.
AppImage is a format for distributing portable software on Linux without needing superuser permissions to install the application.
Ronnie claimed that he would be returning to HVM, but this proved not to be the case.
The Evolution of the Dutch Empire can be traced through the history of the various territories which it comprised.
From 1999 until 2001, she was the United States Ambassador to New Zealand.
The station is owned by Helen Bednarczyk, through licensee Y-Town Radio Broadcasting, LLC.
Madrasah Aljunied boasts an illustrious line of alumni of prominent Islamic religious leaders in Singapore and Southeast Asia.
Young is engaged to and touring with singer Colbie Caillat, as lead guitarist and backup singer.
It encourages a community of people to undertake a particular activity but does not define Church doctrine.
It was released on this date in Italy and Switzerland.
A skysail is the uppermost sail in many old square-rigged sail-plans (though sometimes topped by a moonsail).
Its code is Java using the Swing graphical user interface library.
The gold-digging ant is a mythical insect described in classical and medieval bestiaries.
Similar Efficiency Decorations were also awarded by other Commonwealth countries.
This is a filmography of Thomas H. Ince (1882 - 1924), pioneering American silent film producer, director, screenwriter, and actor.
Internet Archive's Wayback Machine and web caches of search engines are not blocked and include copies of North Korean websites.
Raymer replaced Ron Anton on the team for the world championships, as Anton stayed home to concentrate on his studies.
It was the marvel of ... good looks, good dancing, and good acting working together for the common weal.
"Homecoming" is written as a tribute dedicated to West's hometown of Chicago, Illinois.
Brown wrote the song with Verlon Thompson and Gary Nicholson.
The company was founded in 1998 by two former Microsoft executives, Richard Tait and Whit Alexander.
Pisulus tipuliformis is a species of assassin bug in the Harpactorinae.
Pseudathyma martini, or Martin's false sergeant, is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae.
After years of complaints from local residents, the park shut down in 1912.
It primarily focused on news, current events, and Philippine culture.
Horton made his Super 14 debut in 2004, only 20 years old.
Cloverdale High School is a public high school located in Cloverdale, Indiana.
It consists of pieces of soft baked dough sprinkled with cinnamon.
The following includes a list of fictional characters from The Sopranos that are associated with the DiMeo crime family.
Atex is a company specializing in the development of advertising, editorial and web content management systems.
The Kia Sportage is a compact SUV built by the South Korean manufacturer Kia since 1993.
He was Laois's first choice goalkeeper in the 1940s and he gave some heroic displays.
Kildare is a town in Juneau County, Wisconsin, United States.
It has a rare plant, Bunium bulbocastanum, and beetle odontaeus armiger.
Vice President of Equatorial Guinea is the second highest political position obtainable in Equatorial Guinea.
As its name suggests, this cultivar likely originated from Kent, England.
She is known for her repetitive use of objects and writing to create large-scale, often minimalist, site-specific installations.
Old field sites are often marginal lands with soil quality unsuitable for crops or pasture.
Chaetopreussia is a genus of fungi in the family Sporormiaceae.
That's cover version of "Relight My Fire" in 1993 along with Dave Lee.
Prajwala is a non-governmental organization based in Hyderabad, India, devoted exclusively to eradicating forced prostitution and sex trafficking.
Maxim Bouchard (born September 18, 1990) is a Canadian diver who competes for the national team.
In 2010, he was inducted into the AIA College of Fellows.
Cyril Neveu (born September 20, 1956 in Orleans, France) is a French motocross, enduro and rally raid racer.
It is also native to the Sonoran Desert in the Southwestern United States and Northwestern Mexico.
At this location the crater is viewed from the side from Earth, and so not much detail can be seen.
Stephen Steinberg is an American sociologist, currently a Distinguished Professor at Queens College.
Cretaceous South Dakota was also covered by a sea that was home to mosasaurs.
It took place on October 1, 2000 from the Roy Wilkins Auditorium in Saint Paul, Minnesota.
The original South Wales Premier Cricket League did not include all of South Wales's leading clubs.
She was coached by Lesley Norfolk-Pearce at the Swindon Ice Figure Club.
It was his first feature film, and was also based on an original story he had written.
The station serves the areas of Salina, Kansas, McPherson, Kansas, and Abilene, Kansas, and is owned by VCY America.
In 2010 they launched in Italy (Online only), and a Portuguese version came online in 2013.
The following neighborhoods exist within the city limits of Orlando, Florida.
When he was four years of age, his family moved to North Vancouver, where he was raised.
She was named in honor of U.S. Army general Henry Blanchard Freeman.
Murrieta is bordered by Temecula to the south and the newly incorporated cities of Menifee and Wildomar to the north.
Neosciadella brunnipes is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Their struggle is seen by a kite (bird), who grabs and kills them both.
He is currently serving in his 2nd term in the Maryland State Senate, representing Maryland's District 11 in Baltimore County.
Omaha millionaire Clark Woodman was an influential director on the board.
It is endemic to the Hawaiian islands of Molokai, Maui, Lanai and Hawaii.
This consisted of a small committee which aimed to cautiously advance the cause of trade unionism.
Their pistols are known for their characteristic swept back grips and low bore axis.
The Ieruga River is a tributary of the Valea Satului River in Romania.
The application is assessed by two independent reviewers against set criteria.
For mailing address purposes, it is part of the smaller community of Temple Hills and is also near Suitland.
Allen Charles "Chuck" Terry (born September 20, 1950) is a former American professional basketball forward.
The title of the cantata also appears in more modern German as Dazu ist erschienen der Sohn Gottes.
This is a list of sports people who have played both cricket and rugby league at a high level.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as "Narraguagus Light Station" on November 20, 1987.
Paperback Hero is a 1973 Canadian film, directed by Peter Pearson, which starred Keir Dullea and Elizabeth Ashley.
It was created in 1974 when Niue gained independence and joined into free association with New Zealand.
A 15-venue tour took place between July and August 2007 to promote the EP.
The Roman Catholic cathedral St. Peter's is located a little to the west of the city center.
Also in the cast were Kaye Ballard and Treat Williams.
John A. Tully is an Honorary Professor in the College of Arts at Victoria University in Melbourne, Australia.
In 1747, she was rebuilt at Brest and reduced to 70 guns by the removal of her poop guns.
What I Do is the twelfth studio album by American country music artist Alan Jackson.
This is due to the strong foundation of primary education laid by forefathers of undivided South Canara district.
Marcianne Mukamurenzi (born 11 November 1959) is a Rwandan former long-distance runner.
ARQ uses package confirmation (through ACK response packages), and sliding window technique, which size is 128 elements.
The Curcubata River is a tributary of the Martin River in Romania.
The collection highlights legislation passed by the Congress, journals of sessions deliberation, committee reports on legislation, and directories.
This article lists the various overseas military bases of France.
Haughton was located south of Townsville and incorporated much of the former districts of Mundingburra and Kennedy.
Ndlovu made several appearances for the Zimbabwe national football team, including an appearance at the 1998 COSAFA Cup.
He also did arrangements with Hampton, and did some freelance work besides.
Oregon Ducks football team represented the University of Oregon during the 1997 NCAA Division I-A football season.
A much less extensive collection of Le Fanu stories was published under the same title by Dover Books in 1993.
Machhalandapur railway station serves this cluster and villages beyond it.
The 1970 United States Senate election in New Mexico took place on November 3, 1970.
ReadyBoost relies on the SuperFetch technology and, like SuperFetch, adjusts its cache based on user activity.
Each possesses a master's degree in nuclear physics, but are often portrayed as blue-collar working men.
The Agency is an American reality series that aired on VH1 in 2007.
Both jenjibre-de-jardin and ginger (Zingiber officinale) are in the Zingiberaceae family.
A few species have been domesticated for agriculture, and many others are hunted for food and recreation.
Thitarodes varius is a species of moth of the family Hepialidae.
Timia flaveola is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Timia of the family Ulidiidae.
Michael Petry (born 1960) is an American multi-media artist and author who lives and works in London.
The Flag Institute is an educational charity headquartered in London, UK.
IRLR 413 is a UK labor law case, concerning the governance of trade unions in the United Kingdom.
The flyer for "Yaji and Kita" was also designed by him.
Deol made his on screen debut in 2005 with Imtiaz Ali's romantic comedy Socha Na Tha.
Reduan signed with Brunei's professional club DPMM FC at the start of the 2015 S.League season.
The 1:10 radio-controlled off-road buggy is a 1:10 scale radio-controlled dune buggy designed for off-road racing.
These include Sierra Leone Krio, Nigerian Pidgin, Ghanaian Pidgin English, Cameroonian Pidgin English and Pichinglis.
Raised in Kansas City, Missouri, he attended Rockhurst High School and Vanderbilt University before deciding to pursue an acting career.
McAvoy has released thirteen self-funded and self-produced studio albums on her own label, Henduwin Music.
He is currently the head coach of the Alabama Crimson Tide baseball team.
Low grew up in Los Angeles and currently resides in Brooklyn.
A classic case, under New York law, is People v. Murphy.
It is the northern summit on a ridge that includes Mount Allison and Monument Peak.
Elephant Jason is one of the Jason Islands in the north west Falkland Islands.
This is a list of High Kings of Arnor from J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth legendarium.
As such, Labor councilors were his majority backers for the post of Lord Provost.
Avion is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
He has been director of Southern Cross University National Marine Science Center since 2009.
Further west a traveler would enter the M'Clure Strait before heading into the Arctic Ocean.
Intellectual Ventures is a private company that centers on the development and licensing of intellectual property.
He was later signed by the Giants and played one season with them before retiring.
He was the grandson of Gandikota ruler Pemmasani Timma Nayaka.
He was born in Budapest, Hungary, in 1991 and he is most famous about his exceptional skills in 2D animation.
The album peaked at number 29 on the Billboard 200 and was certified gold three years after its release.
At the time of the game's discontinuation, there were 5 classes: Fighter, Cleric, Mage, Hunter, and Thief.
It is also featured as a remix on her album, The Listening.
The Planter is a lost 1917 silent film drama directed by Thomas N. Heffron and John Ince.
Donna Coker is a law professor at the University of Miami School of Law.
The current Minister of Civil Service is Khalid bin Omar Al Marhoon.
Pfaffia jubata is a plant native to Cerrado vegetation in Brazil.
He finished his career at Newtown, playing two seasons (1940-1941) and was Captain-Coach in 1941.
It formed The Way Corps, a leadership training program, in 1970.
El Mirage is the sixth album by American singer-songwriter Jimmy Webb, released in May 1977 by Atlantic Records.
Before Me is a popular song composed by Arthur Schwartz, with lyrics by Howard Dietz.
The film was adapted by Garrett Fort from the 1927 play The Letter by W. Somerset Maugham.
Between 1933 and 1938, Helen Scott served on the Executive Committee of the Workers Alliance, a Comintern affiliate front organization.
These special cases have crept into the language as a result of the effort to keep it naturalistic.
As of 2010, the township had an estimated population of 19,213.
The bishop moved to a secure stronghold to the north.
"The play in which Massinger comes nearest to urbanity and suavity is The Guardian..."
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Champaign County, Ohio.
He was also well known for socialist and pro-Zionist causes and affiliations.
This is a timeline of the history of the city of Auckland in New Zealand.
He is a member of the hip hop group A$AP Mob, from which he adopted his moniker.
Clover Township was named for the white clover growing within its borders.
Maunu is a suburb in the south west of Whangarei in Northland, New Zealand.
Marina Pupina (born 15 May 1977) is a Kazakhstani speed skater.
The Flyrt radar-decoy drone was designed to be launched from the Mark 36 launcher.
Later that year, Quaker offered the first cereal box premium to buyers.
The post was first established in 1975 when Cape Verde became an independent nation.
The event closes with a gala magic show in the evening.
She was later converted into a Type 15 fast anti-submarine frigate, with the new pennant number F76.
Particularly useful for C is the stack pointer relative addressing available in some of the new instructions.
In 2018, the Act, although amended, remains enforceable in England and Wales in 2018.
His father may have borne the Roman name of Tacitus.
It includes the hit singles "Whatcha Gonna Do About It" and "Sha-La-La-La-Lee".
The hymn is based on the "showers of blessing" referred to in Ezekiel 34:26-27.
The military struggle was actively supported by the government of Somalia in the 60s and 70s.
In comparison, the equivalent English and German departments boast between 500 and 700 people.
This colorless solid is the ester (triester) of phosphoric acid and phenol.
He finished his MLB career with 196 hits and an average of .257.
His compositions and productions have sold over 30 million units worldwide.
The orchestra also gave concerts in the North Brabant region.
It established new grounds for the use of German language in pop music.
He also served as a light music artist with the All-India Radio Thrissur in the 1960s.
The Foundation is funded by contributions from trustees and patrons and by various fund-raising events.
Then it was heard at 8:30 p.m. for three weeks.
The Association acts as an authoritative voice for the industry at official and government levels.
Nine Lives of Montezuma is a 1980 children's novel written by Michael Morpurgo.
To avoid encirclement, Polish insurgents abandoned their camp in Welecz, and marched to Opatowiec, via Wislica.
Ani Kyd (born September 15, 1969) is a Vancouver musician, actor, and life coach.
Tanygnathus is a genus of parrots in the Psittaculini tribe, of the superfamily of Psittacoidea (true parrots).
The Benton County Courthouse, located in Vinton, Iowa, United States, was built in 1906.
It is also possible to use the decoder to rescore lattices in a very efficient way.
Chapelle-Saint-Aubert (Breton: Chapel-Sant-Alverzh) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
JDS Development is an American real-estate development group headquartered in Manhattan, with an additional presence in Miami and Southern Florida.
It branches off the main route to connect the town of Thirsk to the National Cycle Network.
Includes a remix of the Sounds From the Ground classic, Triangle.
Amy Kwan Dict Weng (born 1 February 1995) is a Malaysian individual rhythmic gymnast.
It contains information on the Dungeons & Dragons world, running the game, building adventures and rewards.
Rutanya Alda (born October 13, 1942) is a Latvian-American actress.
The title is a play on the phrase lighter than air.
It flows in a south-westerly direction through Cwm Maethlon and reaches the sea near Penllyn farm, south of Tywyn.
Scientists have found that Illinois was covered by a sea during the Paleozoic Era.
Megachile timorensis is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae.
It was produced by Barbara Ohana and sees the singer working on a more pop-oriented sound.
Later he studied music theory, harmony and classical guitar receiving a diploma from the Conservatorio di Alessandria.
It is known for its 70,000 books and periodicals, and the broad range of subjects it covers.
I Supermodel 3 is the third season of the Chinese reality show and modeling competition of the same name.
Deputy's Advisory Working Group (DAWG) was a senior level review panel for the United States Department of Defense.
IEEE/ACM Transactions on Computational Biology and Bioinformatics (abbreviated TCBB) is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal.
The convention also seeks to promote police and judicial co-operation to prevent, investigate and punish those acts.
In 1952, Fisher and co-workers announced for the first time photochromism in spiropyrans.
Swaziland has a small population and maintains a small number of diplomatic missions.
Ekarahiya is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal.
The company also supplied the engines for at least 17 U.S. Navy warships during the American Civil War.
His given name was Jan; he added the silent H later.
Nonetheless, the case remains both unsolved, and one of the most extensive manhunts in Scottish criminal history.
Anna Medvedeva (born 30 July 1989) is a Russian cross-country skier who competes internationally with the Russian national team.
The Japanese insurer was looking to expand its foothold on insurance especially with an aging Japanese market.
The complete first series was released on DVD on 28 March 2011.
There are numerous different names for Iceland, which have over the years appeared in poetry or literature.
Originally established to graduate deck and engineering officers for the U.S. Merchant Marine, the academy has since expanded its curriculum.
The Beilstein Journal of Organic Chemistry is a peer-reviewed open-access scientific journal established in 2005.
The first phrase of the apology was spoken in Cantonese Chinese, the most frequently spoken Chinese language among Chinese immigrants.
It was described by Cajetan Felder, Rudolf Felder and Alois Friedrich Rogenhofer in 1875, and is known from Brazil.
Trying to Kiss the Sun is a studio album by the German progressive rock band RPWL, released in 2002.
However, within a few months, the IPKF became embroiled in battle with the LTTE to enforce peace.
"I Got You" was a major hit in Europe and Southeast Asia.
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Seraing.
George T. Oliver was elected by the Pennsylvania General Assembly to the United States Senate.
Incendiary ammunition is a type of firearm ammunition containing a compound that burns rapidly and causes fires.
Patricia Spohn (born 18 March 1961) is an Argentine former swimmer.
The 'Zill' mango is a named mango cultivar that originated in south Florida.
He made his debut in First-class cricket on 4 November 1996 in a Ranji Trophy match for Mumbai against Saurashtra.
Major Kenneth George Mayhew (born 18 January 1917) is a British Army veteran of the Second World War.
Tkachenko won a World Press Photo first prize for his series Escape.
Washington accuses Iran of seeking to build nuclear weapons, a charge Tehran denied.
They enjoy their time together and this enjoyment eventually blossoms into love.
The song choreographed by Tanjil Alam and Ramim Raj was the designer.
Historically Speaking is an album by American pianist, composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded for the Bethlehem label in 1956.
The founders intend the technology to be used for Consumer Electronic devices, PCs, and portable devices.
According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 347 people.
Construction began in 1882, and the line was completed in August 1884.
He represents the Worcester and Middlesex District, and is a member of the Republican Party.
The other buildings consist of a mosque, a general purpose hall, an auditorium and a messing block .
They have also appeared on several compilations with original songs and covers.
The new Cathedral was consecrated and opened in November 1860.
William Mowse (Mouse, Mosse) (died 1588) was an English lawyer and Master of Trinity Hall, Cambridge.
He made his debut for the county in the 2013 Yorkshire Bank 40 against Glamorgan.
The compound is volatile at standard temperature and pressure and explodes on contact with air.
Hearts is a global project shot all over the world about men, poetry, and love.
The concept for Click Music came from a series of brainstorming meetings between FILCOMDEC and KBP.
In addition to supporting agrarian interests, the Patrons also supported prohibition, universal suffrage (for men and women) and electoral reform.
She has had shows on XM Satellite and Sirius radio.
Sidarto Danusubroto S. H. (born Pandeglang, Banten, Dutch East Indies, 11 June 1936) is an Indonesian politician.
Shawforth railway station served Shawforth near Bacup in Rossendale, Lancashire, England, from 1881 until closure in 1947.
According to the house's NRHP nomination,He was the son of Pleasant Goodall, a Revolutionary soldier who fought at Brier Creek.
Too: Muslim Americans is a 2005 documentary film directed by Clifford Bestall and produced by Ruhi Hamid.
Avadi also boasts of the Combat Vehicle Research & Development Establishment (CVRDE), a new engine testing facility.
Other characters also take major focus throughout the years after starting as minor characters, such as the Karib family.
He played 5 seasons (80 games, no goals) in the Serie A for S.S.C. Venezia and A.S. Roma.
He supplied sumptuous garments, different types of musical instruments, and male and female singers.
It now offers various basic and applied bio-medical science services.
During 1939 there were two more tests, failing again due to the control system.
The theater specializes in the showing of independent films, the only theater in Atlanta to do so exclusively.
Yao Roland Kpotsra (born February 20, 1947) is a Togolese diplomat and politician.
It was first described by Hans Daniel Johan Wallengren in 1858.
In 2013, the Walk Free Foundation became a founder of the Freedom Fund, an anti-slavery non-profit organization.
She lives and works in New York City, Berlin, and Paris.
The events were held between 15 and 28 February 2010.
AP Russian Language and Culture is a proposed Advanced Placement course and examination, in development since 2005.
Women had no separate shooting events at the time and were allowed to compete with men.
The 1981 Pittsburgh Panthers football team represented the University of Pittsburgh in the 1981 NCAA Division I-A football season.
Based in Laredo, Texas, the Rattlesnakes played their home games at the Laredo Energy Arena.
Quicksilver Messenger Service (sometimes credited as simply Quicksilver) is an American psychedelic rock band formed in 1965 in San Francisco.
Cascades is a census-designated place (CDP) in Loudoun County, Virginia.
The title became extinct on the death of the third Baronet in 1999.
In the United States, it is used on citrus, grapes, pome fruit, stone fruit, and tree nut crops.
The duo consists of Michelle Chamuel and Tyler Duncan, former members of the Ann Arbor, Michigan-based band Ella Riot.
He appears in four novels, and is mentioned in at least one more.
The Uppsala Synod in 1593 was the most important synod of the Lutheran Church of Sweden.
The larvae of subspecies H. c. percondita probably feed on dead wood.
Partners of NUOPC include the United States Navy, the National Weather Service, and the United States Air Force.
She is the Marie Borroff Professor of English, with a courtesy appointment in Linguistics, at Yale University.
The opening title song was sung by Sonu Nigam and Priya Bhattacharya, with choreography by Saroj Khan.
Responsibility for U.S. merchant shipping has been held by many agencies since 1917.
Okaikwei South is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana.
His personal best in the event is 48.47 seconds set at the 2018 African Championships in Athletics .
The Gillette Cavalcade of Sports is an American radio-turned-television program that ran from 1942 to 1960.
Alvania dijkstrai is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
The New York City Cabaret Law was a dancing ban originally enacted in 1926, during Prohibition, and repealed in 2017.
She was voted IAAF World Athlete of the Year in 2017.
Rochalimaea vinsonii was reclassified to Bartonella vinsonii Bartonella vinsonii contains the two subspecies Bartonella vinsonii subsp.
The title track also went to number one on the UK Singles Chart.
The Gods River is a remote wilderness river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Northern Manitoba, Canada.
Notonecta, or the common backswimmer, is a genus of backswimmer insects in the family Notonectidae.
Kali was founded in 1991 by Rita Wolf and Rukhsana Ahmad.
In 2002, Mr. Wilder won the American Society of Business Publications Editors award for best feature series.
Singapore officially became the 117th member of the United Nations (UN) after its independence on September 21, 1965.
The Eugene Generals are a USA Hockey-sanctioned Tier III junior ice hockey team.
Scurlock's purpose for the film and book was to raise awareness of how credit and lending issues are affecting society.
As of 2014 there are 5,400 undergraduate and graduate students attending.
Resurrection Mary is considered to be Chicago's most famous ghost.
It is located North of Coffs Harbor on Bucca Road, off the Pacific Highway.
Racing numbers are painted on the shells or small stickers or tags are placed on them to distinguish each competitor.
Kaya's recent events include the Smithsonian Asian Pacific American Literature Festival and the LA Times Festival of Books.
Baudouinia is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae.
The Great Chicago Fire started on the Near West Side.
Rassa is a census-designated place (CDP) in Lee County, Florida, United States.
Hush (stylized as HUSH) is the 61st single by Japanese artist Koda Kumi.
This is usually in an attempt to make themselves appear less corporate and more personal.
He was married to the widow of another jockey, Jack Watts.
The Elle King EP is an EP by singer-songwriter Elle King, her debut release, released June 12, 2012.
New-onset angina is also considered unstable angina, since it suggests a new problem in a coronary artery.
It was released on May 4, 1935, by Fox Film Corporation.
Shawn Weatherly of the United States crowned by Maritza Sayalero of Venezuela.
A by-election was held for the Australian House of Representatives seat of Bendigo on 6 February 1915.
During liquidation, shareholders received Gazprom ADRs in exchange for their Swedish Depositary Receipts in Vostok Gas.
Ali Fayyad is a Shia member of the Lebanese Parliament representing the Marjeyoun/Hasbaya district.
A special 180-gram vinyl-edition release of Sycamore Meadows was made available for the 2008 holiday season.
She performed dangerous work in major battle areas and sailed home proudly with three battle stars.
The Gungorogone are an indigenous Australian people of the Northern Territory.
When Physaria filiformis was designated an endangered species there were nine populations.
Helen Wu (born 1956) is a martial artist living in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
His father Bob Horner was Mason City High School varsity basketball coach.
There are 21 currently operating colleges and universities based in the U.S. state of Vermont.
The band's line-up performing on this album was formed in 2001 with the only original member guitarist Jan Kuehnemund.
It has soft, straight, sandy brown dorsal pelage which has grayish black stripes, and completely white ventral pelage.
It resembles an English Foxhound but is smaller, though not as small as a Beagle.
The song was released for streaming on the band's Myspace on March 4, 2010.
Rocky Kansas was a tough, short (5'2'' tall) former World lightweight champion.
In 1990 she founded The Aware Parenting Institute, an international organization with certified instructors in many countries.
Animesh then plunges into the Naxalite rebellion that rocked West Bengal in the late 1960s and 1970s.
The winner was ridden by Fred Archer and trained by John Porter.
The film stars Jackie Cooper, Susanna Foster, Walter Abel, Darryl Hickman, Ann Gillis, William Demarest and Jackie Searl.
The Tilda is a cocktail composed primarily of vodka and ginger beer.
In the summer, another short 30 minute film was released in theaters, titled Kaeru Seki no Himitsu.
Mercersburg Theology was a German-American theological movement that began in the mid-19th century.
Hugh Fleetwood (born 1944) is a British writer and painter.
The next year he defended the title against Larry Holmes before losing it to Frank Bruno.
The Martin County Roadway Design & Construction Division is responsible for maintaining all of the Martin County roads.
Wayside is an unincorporated community in Monroe County in the U.S. state of West Virginia.
With the ball he took 5 wickets at a bowling average of 28.80, with best figures of 2/30.
It was nominated that year for the Academy Award for Best Original Song.
Grevillea hodgei, commonly known as the Coochin Hills grevillea, is a shrub native to Queensland.
Hwang Sok-yong (born January 4, 1943) is a South Korean novelist.
Symptoms in adults are often more severe than in children.
The 24th annual Venice International Film Festival was held from 24 August to 7 September 1963.
There are many variants of the game, however, this article deals primarily with the double-deck variant.
She is a former Vice-Chair of the Select Board of Brattleboro.
The Anglican Church of St Nicholas in Corfe, Somerset, England was built in the Norman period and rebuilt in 1842.
Filming locations for the second series included: Blair Drummond Safari Park, Bury, Burnley, Wirral and Southport.
Megachile dubiosa is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae.
The Mount Rubidoux Manor is a 16-story residential tower located in downtown Riverside, California.
According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 537 inhabitants.
Acmaturris is a genus of minute sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Mangeliidae.
The number of councilors decreased by over 700 compared to the previous election due to the merging of several municipalities.
It was refurbished, conserved, branded "Cardwell Bush Telegraph", and re-opened as a heritage center on 28 February 2003.
This is a list of lost silent films that were released from 1925 to 1929.
7th arrondissement is an arrondissement in the Littoral department of Benin.
He played for Middlesex and Essex before joining Derbyshire in 2013.
It provides a network-like environment forming a platform to test the cell phone.
It features the original voices from the Rugrats cast and borrows its concept from Nintendo's Mario Party franchise.
Wilson Inlet is an inlet located in the Great Southern region of Western Australia.
Jake Cinninger, born Jacob Alan Cinninger, December 16, 1975 in Niles, Michigan, is an American musician.
A fast-paced story, Up at the Villa incorporates elements of the crime and suspense novel.
The Pensacola metropolitan area is the metropolitan area centered on Pensacola, Florida.
Two miles north, The Poplars Campground offers camping, and motel rooms during the summer months (2011).
Through this system, young healthy members are being inducted into the regular and reserve forces every year.
In 1936 Fordson sold the mine at Stone to Eastern Coal Company.
Sedona is a 2011 comedy-drama film directed by Tommy Stovall.
He played first-class cricket for Delhi, Orissa and Uttar Pradesh between 1966 and 1978.
The album was released on CD in 2006 by EMI featuring 6 bonus tracks and liner notes by Labi Siffre.
Dan Jolley is an American novelist and comic book writer.
Frank John Musker (born 1951) is a British songwriter and composer.
Additionally, Dahl has served on the Board of Trustees at Columbia College Chicago.
The highest peak demand was 122.8 MW, recorded in August 2010.
In Croatia there are also adherents to the Montenegrin Orthodox Church.
Agrarian socialism is a political ideology which combines an agrarian way of life with a socialist economic system.
The Wells Creek Formation is a geologic formation in West Virginia.
PS Brocklesby was a passenger and cargo vessel built for the Great Central Railway in 1912.
The Moline Swedish Lutheran Cemetery was established in Elroy, Texas in 1897.
According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 11,799 people.
Hollyhurst is an unincorporated community in Kanawha County, West Virginia.
79 in the UK Charts which was the bands' highest chart placing since 1999's Suicide Pact - You First.
He won a silver medal at the 2000 Sydney Games in the Men's Doubles event.
Xyletobius roridus is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
In 2015, Pindrop screened more than 360 million callswas a concept developed at the Georgia Institute of Technology.
The church was named after Francis Asbury, an early Methodist leader.
These croakers are more abundant along beaches during the summer months and may move to deeper water in winter.
Teijin partnered the drug with TAP Pharmaceuticals in the US and Ipsen in Europe.
Starring B. Reeves Eason, William Garwood, Harry von Meter, Jack Richardson and Vivian Rich.
The red-backed fairywren mainly eats insects, and supplements its diet with seed and small fruit.
When it was launched it was the most powerful communications satellite in existence.
Adolfo Yedro (born 14 December 1922) was an Argentine rower.
Golo is an unincorporated community in Graves County, Kentucky, United States.
No Man's Range is a 1935 American film directed by Robert N. Bradbury.
Daniel Bewley finished second in his first ever appearance, while Cook took third place.
"The Actor" is one of Justin Hayward's signature love ballads.
The College of Fine Arts declares that the arts are essential to the life of the individual and the community.
The area is located to the east of Kanakapura Road and is in close proximity to NICE Road.
ASCILITE holds an annual conference in early December of each year and 2017 is the 35th ASCILITE conference .
Radiation therapy is commonly applied to the cancerous tumor because of its ability to control cell growth.
Behling is also the founding director of SolarLab Research & Design, a company exclusively focused on solar-powered transport and architecture.
It is the only general museum of technology in the country.
A Union Ironworker by trade, Sweeney is frequently cited as the most powerful elected Democrat in New Jersey.
Pomona High School is a public secondary school operated by Jefferson County School District R-1 in Arvada, Colorado, United States.
Ian Weakley (born 24 February 1974 in Montego Bay, Saint James Parish) is a retired male hurdler from Jamaica.
In the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy roleplaying game, hobgoblins are a larger, stronger, smarter and more menacing form of goblins.
Catholic Register is a Canadian weekly newspaper published by the Archdiocese of Toronto.
About 25 percent of Delhi police strength is earmarked for VVIP security.
CMA CGM Laperouse is an Explorer class containership built for CMA CGM.
This is a summary of 1992 in music in the United Kingdom, including the official charts from that year.
The community was named after five families who lived nearby.
The DexDrive products were made by now-defunct InterAct for use with PlayStation and Nintendo 64 memory cards.
This is a list of airports in Israel, sorted by location.
The portion at 101 Court Street is a 2 1/2-story, 3 bay, stone structure.
She was the first Chief Justice of Meghalaya High Court.
As a registered charity, membership fees are eligible for tax refunds from the government of Canada.
Since the founding of Social Democratic Party in 1899 it has seen a steady number of splits and breakaway factions.
A water deity is a deity in mythology associated with water or various bodies of water.
English lyrics were later added by Bert Reisfeld, but it was first recorded by the Melody Maids in 1948.
A significant feature has Jackie Chan reprising his role of Master Monkey.
American singer-songwriter Adam Lambert also provides vocals for the track, while Nile Rodgers provides guitar backing.
Attorneys for Hong stated that the matter had been "resolved," and it is not known whether there was a settlement.
In 2012, Anderson became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
Comperiella bifasciata is a parasitic wasp species in the genus Comperiella in the family Encyrtidae.
It was an International Challenge with a prize money of US$15,000.
Marcus Flavius was Tribune of the Plebs in 327 and again in 323 BC.
Here Are Different is the first album by the American singer-songwriter Jill Sobule, released in 1990.
CRI also publishes online dailies called Beijing News and Beijing International.
In 2018, Edge was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the Moody Blues.
Prudhomme was admitted to the Washington Psychoanalytic Society in 1958, but only after he was required to complete additional training.
It is found in Uganda, Kenya, Tanzania, Malawi, Zimbabwe and Mozambique.
Tudor Deliu (born 29 October 1955) is a politician from Moldova.
St Donat's Church is a Grade I listed church in St Donats, in the Vale of Glamorgan, south Wales.
Attending to these factors increases reproductive success, furthering the representation of one's genes in the population.
The town is said to be named for Governor Xenophon Overton Pindall.
It supports many features such as input-based capture and text annotations.
117 civilian passengers and crew were killed with the sinking condemned as a war crime.
The Kerala Economy is therefore largely dependent on trade in services and resulted remittances.
He began his career writing for the Boston Phoenix in 1970.
The 120th New York Volunteer Infantry was an infantry regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
In a year, the bridge is opened approximately 1700 times and carries approximately 40,000 vehicles per work day.
However, Carl Haub observed that Ehrlich's warnings had encouraged governments to change their policies to avert disaster.
Jadestone Group is a video game developer based in Stockholm, Sweden.
Toxicodryas pulverulenta, commonly known as Fischer's tree snake, is a species of snake of the family Colubridae.
The Skellington Chronicles is the tenth solo album by Julian Cope, released in June 1993 on Cope's own Ma-Gog label.
Rashkan castle was erected with plaster of lime and ashes or sand with stones.
The open-make categories are the SuperSports 600cc, Asia Production 250cc and Underbone 150cc.
In literature of the early 20th century, before the invention of compound bows, composite bows were described as "compound".
On 1 February 2017, Dearne Valley College joined the RNN Group.
It shares no relation to the modern day North Adelaide Roosters.
He was awarded the Neustadt International Prize for Literature in 2012.
Initial case reports identified individuals with developmental delay and epilepsy, however most cases identified through newborn screening have been asymptomatic.
Tape artists such as Max Zorn show their work at art fairs including Art Basel Miami.
Pantar, officially the Municipality of Pantar, is a 5th class municipality in the province of Lanao del Norte, Philippines.
He is the former Minister of Culture and Protection of National Heritage.
It's a triangle love story with family drama based film.
Throughout its occupational history, the inhabitants crafted stone tools from obsidian.
After the end of his mandate in April 2014, Mwakibolwa returned to Tanzania with his contingent of Tanzanian soldiers.
Oecetis inconspicua is a species of long-horned caddisfly in the family Leptoceridae.
He previously served as Deputy Commander, U.S. Special Operations Command from 2003 to July 2007.
Proston railway line is a branch railway from Murgon to Proston in south-east Queensland, Australia.
William Hunter (born 1888, date of death unknown) was an English footballer.
This is a list of fictional characters in the television series Chicago Med.
The 1942 NCAA Wrestling Championships were the 15th NCAA Wrestling Championships to be held.
Barack Obama's patronage of the bookstore garnered attention in the wake of his election.
Carl Ashmore (born 17 August 1968) is an English children's author.
Some examples for the rock inscriptions are the Galwala inscription, the bilingual inscription found in Gadaladeniya and the Alawala inscription.
Androsace sarmentosa, the rock jasmine, is a perennial plant in the family Primulaceae.
Western Cabaret was a live variety program series broadcast in 1939 on BBC Television.
Nicknamed "Steamship", he was one of the Forty Thieves of exploiters.
Chris Sadrinna (born 26 February 1975) is an Australian actor.
The series quickly emerged as a cultural touchstone for NYC TV.
The company was formed as an offshoot of Steyr Mannlicher in 2001.
Since 1999, he has sold designer merchandise using the label Sabyasachi.
In molecular biology mir-661 microRNA is a short RNA molecule.
Kunmin is a village in Hopang District, Wa Self-Administered Division of Myanmar.
Jones graduated from the University of Arkansas with a degree in chemical engineering in 1988.
Mark and Michael Millea work with Ziegler in appraising items, they are featured regularly in the series.
Bulbophyllum poekilon is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
Shajith is also known for his work in Foley editing and pre-mixing.
Thomas Pallavicini (Italian: Tommaso Pallavicini) was the marquess of Bodonitsa following a disputed succession in 1286.
He is the son of former Hampshire cricket captain Desmond Eagar.
Pristimantis tenebrionis is a species of frog in the family Craugastoridae.
In East India, Bengali and Assamese speakers can usually understand one another's speech.
Ferdinandea cuprea is a European species of hoverfly notable for its brassy abdomen.
Solitaire Royale is a computer game published by Spectrum HoloByte in 1987 for the Apple IIGS, MS-DOS, Macintosh, and Amiga.
Designed by Mondial, Sol Spin is a tipsy top turvy adventure taking places 6 stories high over Fiesta Village.
The company currently operates 35 theaters with 501 screens throughout Arizona, California, Colorado, Oklahoma, and Texas.
The college is a A grade college owned by Malankara Orthodox Church, founded by Catholicos Moran Mar Baselios Geevarghese II.
It reopened after an extensive renovation in January 2012.Restaurant Les Saison closed down in 1992.
Nimera is also a revenue circle for nearby villages, Jagannathpura and Shri Ramganj.
He is recorded in one first-class match in 1795, totalling 3 runs with a highest score of 3.
Belton is a city in eastern Anderson County, South Carolina, United States.
Homosexuality has been used as grounds for separation or divorce.
The cathedral is dedicated to Saint Mary, Saint Kilian and Saint Liborius.
Before entering provincial politics Russell was an Ordinary Member for Upper Lake Melville in the Nunatsiavut Government.
They were members of the Eastern Counties League between 1963 and 1978.
Lloyd Kerry (born 22 July 1988) is an English semi-professional footballer who plays for Harrogate Town as a midfielder.
The game was released on November 30, 2012, and in just over a month, one million players had joined.
It holds the distinction of being the first public railway to be operated in North Wales.
There is the potential for accidents in the unloading, packing, and transfer of ammunition.
Philip Oliver Hale (born 1963) is an American figurative painter who currently resides in London, England.
Blockbusters, such as Blues Brothers, Sixteen Candles, and The Dark Knight, have rejuvenated the Chicago film scene.
In 2011, Genesee & Wyoming began control of operations on behalf of the owners under the name WRLS.
He is a five time Canadian Champion representing Northern Ontario.
Eriksson is currently playing With his new band called Tramp and recently reunited Swedish punk band Strindbergs.
Science Sleuths was distributed with the Science Plus curriculum from Holt, Rinehart and Winston.
Sue Gerhardt (Durban, 1953) is a British psychoanalytic psychotherapist in private practice since 1997.
For example, letters of the alphabet are the figurae that comprise a written word (signifier).
The primary campus of Southern Wesleyan University is located east of the downtown area.
The Gandharv (sometimes pronounced Gandharb) are a Hindu community found in North India.
How to Destroy Angels, is the debut extended play by British experimental band Coil.
The activity of the incA protein is crucial for spreading of the bacterial pathogen in the host cells.
This remained less than 100 and was included in the civil parish of Lyndon.
She lives in Melbourne and works in a corporate advisory role when not racing.
He also played for AEL Limassol, Omonia, AEP, Alki Larnaca and APEP.
Formerly based in Penrith, Cumbria, the company moved to Langholm in 2009.
According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 46,303 people.
Sexual objectification is the act of treating a person as a mere object of sexual desire.
The present courthouse was constructed in 1940, adjacent to the earlier structures.
Parochodaeus biarmatus is a species of sand-loving scarab beetle in the family Ochodaeidae.
He is a life member of The International Association of Mouth and Foot Painting Artists.
Finchley and Golders Green is a constituency created in 1997 represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament.
PICUP allowed for rapid (<1 second) and high production of covalently-linked proteins in close proximity with each other.
Most of his works are unique or in very small editions.
The first official match was played on Saturday November 23, 2013 against Proud United in a goalless draw at Kasoa.
Stanford went on to represent the Pac-12 Conference in the 2014 Rose Bowl Game.
Rogerson was Member of Parliament for Granard and Dublin City.
He was elected in 2004, and first served the New York Annual Conference.
Heroes of Ruin is an action role-playing game developed by n-Space and published by Square Enix for the Nintendo 3DS.
The South African Railways Class 6E1, Series 3 of 1971 was an electric locomotive.
He is known for both large sacred and history paintings, as well as still lives, and portraits.
Howard Cantour.com is a 2012 short film directed by actor Shia LaBeouf.
It has prominent arcades on both levels of the east entrance end.
Big Island Lake is a lake in Yosemite National Park, United States.
With boosted bass, tracing demands could be reduced in part by reduced recording levels, sometimes supplemented by peak compression.
Hametown is located 2 miles north of Shrewsbury on North Main Street.
The women's shot put event at the 2006 Commonwealth Games was held on March 22.
Luricocha District is one of eight districts of the province Huanta in Peru.
It has roots in the Semitic alphabet and its offshoot alphabets, the Phoenician, Greek, and Etruscan.
WH Smith Literary Award was an award founded in 1959 by British high street retailer W H Smith.
When questioned by authorities, Biesczat claimed he just wanted to give Mesi, a convicted criminal, a legitimate job.
KKMY, "1045 Kiss FM", is a Rhythmic Top 40 formatted radio station in Orange, Texas.
The COL4A1 gene also contains one of 27 SNPs associated with increased risk of coronary artery disease.
Various regional languages flourished and soon literary work in these languages began to take place.
I've got the love of Jesus, love of Jesus down in my heart...
Whitefield Township is a township in Kandiyohi County, Minnesota, United States.
Sark is a recurring fictional character portrayed by David Anders on the ABC television series Alias.
For a bridge owner, twin bridges can improve the maintenance and management of the structures.
The winner will represent Ecuador in Miss Universe 2018 pageant.
Commentators have praised the book, which has become a classic.
On June 6, 2008 Williams along with Platinum Studios created a new label called Vanguard Comics.
The North Mount Lyell Railway had to cross the river before reaching Pillinger and the harbor in Kelly Basin.
Requiescant, also known as Kill and Pray, is a 1967 Spaghetti Western film directed by Carlo Lizzani.
According to the plaintiffs, Vantage charged money upfront, but never promoted the books as the authors had expected.
The Northern Territory Football Club and Greater Western Sydney Giants received special invitations.
Irvine John Scott was an Anglican priest in the second half of the Twentieth Century.
The supporting cast includes Rock Hudson, Sheldon Leonard, Jim Backus, Gale Gordon, and Chubby Johnson.
Le Vermont is a commune in the Vosges department of the Grand Est region of northeastern France.
The program ended in the anarchy of the Russian Revolution.
Additionally, the pre-city area of Chennai has a long history within the records of South Indian Empires.
Khash Darreh is the name of two villages in Badakhshan Province in north-eastern Afghanistan.
Lomans played in the Dutch League for Push and HGC, and stopped at top level in the spring of 2005.
He worked in the Washington, D.C. office of Federal Emergency Relief Administration (FERA).
The militants also torched mosques and churches of the town.
Barry L. Zubrow is an American business executive and investment banker.
Peschel is the owner of gaming news site GameGossip and the GameGossip Community Forums.
Mohamed Amine Zidane (born October 5, 1983 in Relizane) is an Algerian footballer.
An executive session may also be used in other legislatures.
Drumlin Heights Consolidated School (DHCS) is a school located in Glenwood, Nova Scotia, Canada.
Cosmic Ark is an Atari 2600 game designed by Rob Fulop and published by Imagic in 1982.
Gissarus is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
It is found in Russia (southern Ural), Algeria, Turkey, Iraq, Afghanistan and Uzbekistan.
Brian Neil Easton (born 5 March 1988) is a Scottish footballer, who plays for St Johnstone.
The NOCA sends a separate team to all of these events.
The barony was created for a third time in the Peerage of Ireland in 1699 in favor of the Hon.
WRLR-LP is a low-power FM radio station that operates on the 98.3 frequency, based in Round Lake Heights, Illinois.
Ancient ubiquitous protein 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the AUP1 gene.
Richard Bingley was a Welsh-born soldier who settled in Ireland.
This International Robotic Welding Certification (Certified Robotic Welder - CRW) was developed and launched early 2010.
The Honda Shuttle name has been used by the Japanese manufacturer Honda to denote several different motorized vehicles since 1995.
It was commonly called the North Australian as those words appeared most prominently on its masthead.
It is currently being operated with 15643/15644 train numbers on once in week basis.
The list of the currently participating institutions and universities worldwide is here: [3].
Ishtam is a 2001 Malayalam language romantic drama film directed by Sibi Malayil starring Dileep and Navya Nair.
Subsequent bills followed but the United States Congress never outlawed due to powerful opposition from the southern Democrat voting bloc.
Access is free and in most cases unrestricted, although fees are payable for overnight stays in huts or camping.
The rest of his body is buried in Dunfermline Abbey.
Amunthuruthimadom potty shall be entitled to all the privileges of the King and known as Sree Karna Stani.
All schools are accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools.
It was based on the book of the same name by Paul van Loon.
The song became widely known as the closing theme for The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson.
It was the site of the ISA World Junior Surfing Games Ecuador in 2009.
They released their most recent album Devotion in March 2012, which was critically well received.
Largely a county of rural settlements, growth came slowly following the Civil War and Reconstruction.
The town is the location of the district headquarters of Tarime District.
The first variant of the vehicle was to be prototyped in 2015 and fielded by 2017.
He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Colorado Rockies, Chicago Cubs and Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
It was used from 1966 to 1983 with Foyt himself making 141 starts in the car, winning 25 times.
Slightly more different from the rest of the group is Derps, the dialect of the village Egmond aan Zee.
Marketing cooperatives are established by farmers to undertake transportation, packaging, distribution, and marketing of farm products (both crop and livestock).
Pravy is very small village in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.
Gunnar Beck is a German EU and constitutional lawyer, legal philosopher and publicist.
The tournament was included on the Tour de las Americas from 2006 to 2008.
Gilbert Harrison began to correspond with fellow servicemen concerning an organization that expanded beyond the needs of military men.
Morphotica is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
He also formed The Front Row Union Club F.R.U.C with fellow international front-row forwards Brian Moore and Paul Rendall.
A universal quantum simulator is a quantum computer proposed by Yuri Manin in 1980 and Richard Feynman in 1982.
Occhipinti (born 23 August 1939), best known as John Foster, is an Italian former singer and journalist.
The Karachi Kings is a franchise cricket team that represents Karachi in the Pakistan Super League.
In the US there are currently no plans to release Hidden Palms on DVD and/or Blu-ray from Lionsgate Home Entertainment.
Collonges is a municipality in the district of Saint-Maurice in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Guitar chords, drums, bass guitar, synths and harmonized vocals are also played in the track.
Richard was married to Joanna Proby in 1970, they have two sons and three grandchildren.
He played 65 minutes against saracens in 2016 when Phil Dollman was injured.
Nymphon is a genus of sea spiders in the family Nymphonidae.
More Try is a 2012 Filipino drama film starring Angel Locsin, Angelica Panganiban, Dingdong Dantes and Zanjoe Marudo.
The firm has been involved in the launch of several marketplaces and online eCommerce websites.
The purpose of Global Information Governance Day is to raise the awareness of information governance.
Paisley Galaxy is the eighth Cantonese studio album by Hong Kong singer Kelly Chen.
It was distributed UK-wide at retailers such as W H Smith, Tesco, Superdrug and Somerfield.
Rosa Pavanelli is the General Secretary of Public Services International, the global union federation for public sector trade unions.
Established in November 2002, BlogCN is the first free blog hosting service provider in China.
Limozota virgata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Limozota.
It is not to be confused with the Leningrad Codex of the Hebrew Bible.
Bradley "Brad" Willis is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbors.
Gobabis railway station is a railway station serving the town of Gobabis in Namibia.
Rayment is a surname of Old Norman or French origin.
It contains only one species, Tiacellia tiacellia, which is found on Aru.
It has not been recorded in the wild since 1979.
The Vietnam ferret-badger (Melogale cucphuongensis) is a member of the family Mustelidae native to Vietnam.
Ronald Leibman (born October 11, 1937) is an American actor.
James Robertson Graeme Wright CBE (born 14 June 1939) is a former Vice-Chancellor of Newcastle University.
Collegiate Baseball named him a First-Team All-American after the 2015 season.
Brunei Darussalam's traditional residential areas, Kampong Ayer (Water Village), is situated on the river.
He signed for Glasgow Warriors in 2002 making his debut in the pre-season match against Harlequins.
The 1st Squadron, 180th Cavalry Regiment is a formation of the United States Army, headquartered in McAlester, Oklahoma.
In 2015, the UCT GSB was crowned the top business school on the continent for the eighth year running.
It has also been recorded in Paraguay, Argentina and Bolivia.
Donnelly was also the winning pitcher of the 2003 All-Star Game.
Denny Sumargo is a basketball player for Indonesia's basketball national team.
The cars are the fastest race series in the country.
The fund was licensed in November 2005; operation began in March 2006.
After some time he used the thread to pull the banana from the patient's stomach.
Rheocles pellegrini, the zona, is a species of fish in the Bedotiidae family.
The conclusion was made by SEC-MA, the agency that regulates the financial transactions in the company's home state of Massachusetts.
2009 RBS Twenty-20 Cup was the fifth edition of the RBS Twenty-20 Cup, a domestic Twenty20 tournament in Pakistan.
He has also served as a first and second assistant director.
It was released as the lead single from Home at Last, Billy Ray Cyrus' tenth studio album.
It is sold in over 2 lakhs outlets in India.
It lives in reefs of the tropical Indo-Pacific, and hunts small fish.
Charles Bay is an inlet of Aransas Bay in Aransas County, Texas.
There were 394 newborn Filipino girls named Precious in 2011.
Neothyridaria is a genus of fungi within the class Sordariomycetes.
Bechem is located close to the capital town of Brong-Ahafo, Sunyani.
Dr. Snobelen is a founding member of the Newton Project, UK and director of the Newton Project, Canada.
Since 2005, Kearl has served as chair of the Food and Care Coalition's Board.
In July 2015, Whelan received an honorary degree from the University of Bolton, making him a Doctor of Business Administration.
The Losers was made for ITV by ATV and was produced and directed by Joe McGrath.
Kyabin is a village in Mingin Township, Kale District, in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
The Shipping Association of Barbados (SAB) is the national shipping institution of Barbados with its headquarters in Bridgetown.
Jimmy Adams (born June 27, 1972) is an American race car driver.
The Amazing Race Norge is a Norwegian reality game show based on the American series, The Amazing Race.
He played college basketball for the Wake Forest Demon Deacons.
There are diverse habitats with grassland, scrub, reedbeds, sedge, bare clay and pools.
The film was written by Donald E. Westlake, from a story by Westlake, Carolyn Lefcourt, and Brian Garfield.
Veerapandi is a legislative assembly constituency in Salem district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Jaussaud continued racing until 1992, when he retired to become a racing instructor.
All of Jobe's newspapers, including the Progress, are members of the Kentucky Press Association.
Overriding an entrenched clause may require a supermajority, a referendum, or the consent of the minority party.
The Perfect Storm is the eighth studio album by American rapper Twista.
Huntingdale railway station is located on the Pakenham and Cranbourne lines in Victoria, Australia.
The book creates a new language, what the authors call a pattern language derived from timeless entities called patterns.
The current mayor of Davao City is Sara Duterte, the daughter of current Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte.
Martin Maloney Cottage is located in Spring Lake, Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.
As Cambridge she made three voyages for the EIC as an extra ship.
He was one of 13 football players accused of theft of a dorm room in April 2017.
Oxo ligands for example in vanadyl ions are common when the valency increases.
His son would also die at Nero's hand, being drowned during a fishing trip.
Municipal Art Museum has a large collection of Old Masters and contemporary artworks.
The Hollow Kingdom won the 2004 Mythopoeic Fantasy Award for Children's Literature.
Robert Abigail (born 1980) is a Dutch DJ from Rotterdam in The Netherlands.
The film is set in the Soviet Union prior to World War II.
Type A reactions are known side effects of a drug that are largely predictable and are called, pharmatoxicologic.
Yamaduts tell people or souls that they are dead and take them to the afterlife.
Fame Games was an American reality television series that was originally broadcast on the VH1 cable network.
It is considered by many to be the best album by the band, including Brendan Kelly of The Lawrence Arms.
Arajuno was built by the Shell Oil Company as a base to conduct prospecting in the area.
HMNZS Otago (P148) is a Protector class off-shore patrol vessel in service with the Royal New Zealand Navy.
The town on the Mozambique side of the border is Chicualacuala.
In 2009 she won the Private Sector Award in the 2009 Westpac Outstanding Women awards in Papua New Guinea.
The hospital is the primary trip generator and main purpose for this station.
The World Needs a Melody is an album by The New Kingston Trio, released in 1973.
It is also a technical sport, requiring good motor coordination and the development of sophisticated racquet movements.
The group is composed of five singing multi-instrumentalists hailing from disparate parts of the United States, Canada and Australia.
During the Second World War, Italian East Africa was occupied by a British-led force including colonial and Ethiopian units.
Stublica is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia.
It was created in 1624 for Henry Rich, 1st Baron Kensington.
The Tipton Phase is an archeological phase in southwestern Tennessee of the Late Mississippian culture.
It was built in the company town developed around Putnam Lumber Company's operations in Shamrock.
Walfred held Friuli less than a year in that case.
Saliterribacillus persicus has been isolated from the Aran-Bidgol lake in Iran.
The company headquarters are in London, UK with offices in the United States.
The women's events provided the most prominent top level athletes.
The campus is located in the University Park neighborhood near St. Johns, on a bluff overlooking the Willamette River.
It was built in 1878 for Lyman Ross and his son Oscar.
John Morton (born September 24, 1969) is an American football coach.
Sodium tungstate is the inorganic compound with the formula Na2WO4.
There are ten ranks, the highest being the Lord or Lady of Goddess Keep, who governs all Sunrunners.
The 1979 European Weightlifting Championships were held in Varna, Bulgaria from May 19 to May 27, 1979.
This building is on the National Register of Historic Places and the number is 86001150.
Currently he is playing for Bury Cricket Club Lancashire England in Greater Manchester Cricket League (GMCL) 2018 season.
The film starred Paul Newman, in his first studio role, as Basil the craftsman.
Campbell Books (as it became in 1989) was sold in 1995 to Macmillan Publishers.
It was released on 21 November 2006 in the U.S, three days before the 15th anniversary of Mercury's death.
Petersburg is a city in Nelson County, North Dakota, United States.
The Archway Theater is a unique amateur theater based in Horley, Surrey, United Kingdom.
Gowda (also known as Gauda or Gouda) is a surname native to the Karnataka state of India.
Karayatak is a neighborhood of the District of Akyurt, Ankara Province, Turkey.
A 2006 estimate placed the township's population at 682.The village of Spencer lies within the township.
Buggy, damaged and outdated extensions were the most common cause of problems.
It has been succeeded by other antihistamines and marketing approvals have been widely withdrawn.
The church of Sant'Uldarico is located on Farini Street in Parma.
Democrats fought among themselves, especially over Roosevelt's "Court Packing" plan.
To the west, it is delimited by the Ill, and by the Rhine to the east.
Croatia is scheduled to compete at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo from 24 July to 9 August 2020.
Harrow International School, Bangkok is a British international school in Don Mueang District, Bangkok.
His voice has been influenced by Elvis Presley, Jim Morrison, Iggy Pop, David Bowie, and Glenn Danzig.
The syndicated broadcasts aired Monday through Friday at various times on broadcasting markets.
Eastleigh is a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament.
Solesides Greatest Bumps is a 2000 compilation album released by Quannum Projects and Ninja Tune.
It was the third of four singles released from the album.
It was formerly known as Triturus italicus, but was relocated to the genus Lissotriton after Triturus was split.
Two family members, a boy and a girl, were featured in the National Geographic documentary film Human Ape.
It is a major railway junction in Odisha and headquarters of Sambalpur railway division.
Dudarsi is a village in Neemuch district of Madhya Pradesh state of India.
The head coach was Alexander F. Bell, coaching his first season with the Wildcats.
At fifteen weeks on the R&B Best Sellers chart, "Trouble Blues" was the most successful R&B song of the year.
Three Godfathers is a 1916 American silent film featuring Harry Carey.
She was introduced to the industry by actor-director Balachandra Menon through Vivahithare Ithile in 1986.
Within two weeks, the United Nations Mission in Sudan would be established.
The other eight teams moved to the Plate League to determine their final placements in the competition.
The film stars Prem Nazir, Adoor Bhasi, Thikkurissi Sukumaran Nair and CRK Nair in lead roles.
The tournament champion was Kean, who defeated Emory for the championship.
On 12 February 1990 he was appointed Apostolic Administrator of Magdeburg and the Titular Bishop of Cissa.
Before the satellite age started in the 1960s, data on east Pacific hurricanes is extremely unreliable.
Stanger has created certifications and courses of instruction for organizations such as IBM, Symantec, and CompTIA.
1,259 members of the Jewish community including 363 men, 689 women and 207 children were initially captured by the Gestapo.
Previously, the 558am Great Southern band had been a relay of what was broadcast from Albany.
The "Speed Model" was fitted with a canopy and fairing.
Some consoles, however, only have a fixed selection of built-in games.
The library is composed of three floors, including two basement levels, and contains a glass facade.
Pihl (born February 25, 1973, in Uppsala, Sweden) is a Swedish retired professional ice hockey defenceman.
Colored oil droplets have a cost in that they reduce the amount of light available to the visual system.
The Ministry for Karamoja Affairs is a cabinet level government ministry of Uganda.
With the creation of these three new townships, Hackensack Township was dissolved that same day, March 22, 1871.
Esperanza TV is now seen on digital channels 21.2, 31.2 and 36.2.
Approximately 1.2 million Nicaraguans voted, representing a 75% turnout, with 94% of eligible voters registered.
From 1834 to 1917 indentured plantation workers from this region went far and wide including Caribbean, Surinam, Fiji and Mauritius.
Directly south of Berry Lane Park is Canal Crossing, an adjacent brownfield site slated for a future residential development.
It is a one-story building built of locally quarried limestone with a low-pitched gabled roof in the Greek Revival style.
ExplorerMenu.exe (EM) is used to execute Discern Explorer programs on demand.
Peru competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, England.
He contributed to more than 115 movies and 390 songs.
The John Downs Show is a news/current events/talk program on Newstalk 1010.
Castilleja nubigena is a species of plant in the Orobanchaceae family.
Global Talk Show, also known as Misuda, was a South Korean television program on Korean Broadcasting System (KBS).
The Main Guard is a National Monument and former courthouse located in Clonmel, Ireland.
Her body lay at the side of the road in a pool of blood that had frozen in the cold.
The film is based on a folk tale known all across Alaska, Northern Canada, and Greenland.
He worked at the ABC and BBC, becoming an ABC drama director in the late 1960s.
Most of the neighborhood lies within the floodplain of the Little Calumet River.
Pterostylis brumalis, commonly known as the kauri greenhood or winter greenhood, is a species of orchid endemic to New Zealand.
He is the co-founder with Joseph Culp of the body/mind approach Walking-In-Your-Shoes and the L.A.-based Walking Theater Group.
Rushmore is an unincorporated community in Putnam County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
The NCAA also uses "Final Four" for other sports besides basketball, such as the Men's and Women's Volleyball Championship.
It began February 3, 1979, and ended November 25, 1979, after fifteen rounds.
He is currently a professor at the University of Massachusetts Amherst.
Clavus is a genus of small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Drilliidae.
The technology has been used on a voluntary basis to secure expensive vehicles with support provided by the private sector.
The 1990 SEC Women's Basketball Tournament took place from March 1 to March 4, 1990, in Albany, Georgia.
S. Hollis Clayson is an art historian and Bergen Evans Professor in the Humanities at Northwestern University.
Most of those who died are buried at St. Mary's Anglican Church cemetery just west of Prince Albert.
The statue, carved from Portland stone, stands on a plinth of the same material with the inscription ANNA REGINA.
Small adults sometimes fall prey to the crab Geograpsus crinipes.
It was directed by Ranji Panicker himself, making his directorial debut.
Parnevik (born 20 March 1938 in Gothenburg) is a Swedish impersonator, revue artist and comedian.
Martin Vantruba (born 7 February 1998) is a Slovak footballer who plays for Slavia Prague as a goalkeeper.
Leuronotina ritensis, the lichen grasshopper, is a species of band-winged grasshopper in the family Acrididae.
Also featuring from "The Last Hard Men" album is the track "The Most Powerful Man in the World".
It continues the successful French Apex Aircraft's Robin R2000 series acquired upon Apex's purchase of the Avions Robin company.
Hydraulics is the science and engineering of the mechanical properties of liquids.
After this period of time, he mainly limited himself to rearranging previous compositions.
Fingerprint Ghost is a locked room mystery short story by Joseph Commings, featuring his detective Brooks U. Banner.
Creatura nuda (Nude Creature) is the first album from Italian singer Valentina Giovagnini.
The conference is attended by one to two hundred of NLP and CL researchers and students every year.
A common street food, it is made from bread slices, gram flour, and spices among other ingredients.
Originally aired on November 21, 1970, the episode focuses on the life of a recently killed police officer.
The clause usually forms part of a parent company guarantee.
Judith Hamilton is known for her community theater work in Dryden, Ontario, Canada.
In 2013, following the 2010 United States Census, a 4th district was added.
Michael Jay Feinstein (born September 7, 1956) is an American singer, pianist, and music revivalist.
He returned to the Phillies in 2015, and played for the Houston Astros and Pirates in 2016.
Kadiriganadinna is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district, Tamil Nadu, India.
2011 Apatin Open is a darts tournament, which took place in Apatin, Serbia in 2011.
In 2012, Davis completed work on the NFB short documentary The Portrait for the Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II.
The restrictions imposed by the Joe-E verifier include: Classes may not have mutable static fields, because these create global state.
The Deutsche Pfadfinderverband (DPV; approximate translation: German Scout Association) is an umbrella federation of sixteen German non-denominational Scouting associations.
Annual Goya Awards took place at the Palacio Municipal de Congresos in Madrid, Spain on 28 January 2007.
The station was unusual in that the single platform was bisected by a road with a level crossing.
The Flower Drum Song is a novel by Chinese-American author C. Y. Lee, first published in 1957.
Gardegan-et-Tourtirac is a commune in the Gironde department in southwestern France.
San Marcos is a municipality in the Honduran department of Ocotepeque.
Oversight's claimed target customers are companies taking in US$600 million or more in yearly revenue.
He is now a spotter for Matt Kenseth in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series.
His grandson, the fourth Baronet, was a prominent Conservative politician.
In 2008 DiPasquale moved his newest venture, Newport Television, to Kansas City, Missouri.
He currently resides in Sydney, and plays amateur basketball at Australia.
Polyrhaphis jansoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
The Nugget is an associate member of the Oregon Newspaper Publishers Association.
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Los Alamos County, New Mexico.
The most common newline convention used with EBCDIC code pages is to use a NEL (NEXT LINE) code between lines.
Tekno Comix was an American publishing company that produced comic books from 1995 to 1997.
Adam Brian London (born 12 October 1988) is an English first-class cricketer.
Its whisky also appeared as a "Dallas Mhor" single malt.
Thalia tried the same but lost the competition for the partnership with Karstadt.
Atheniella species were most recently classified in Mycena because of their stature.
The site runs along the bank of Pickers Ditch, a tributary of Holland Brook.
It is endemic to Cuba and the Isle of Youth.
The settlement is unusual for the district as being supported by agriculture rather than the mining industry.
The Greenspun Media Group is an independent company and was a wholly owned subsidiary of The Greenspun Corporation.
Brindabella electorate is one of the five electorates for the unicameral 25-member Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly.
He stepped down in 2011, and at that time became a CWI Fellow.
Wretches & Jabberers is a 2010 American documentary film directed by Gerardine Wurzburg and produced by Wurzburg and Douglas Biklen.
A college (Latin: collegium) is an educational institution or a constituent part of one.
Locations, weapons, items, and clothing are relevant to the time period Duke is in.
The hospital established in 1999 and is affiliated with the University of Uyo College of Medicine.
Plouharnel (Breton: Plouharnel) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
He is a Democrat representing the 32nd Assembly District, which encompasses Kings County and parts of Kern County.
The serape effect is a rotational trunk movement that involves ballistic motions, such as throwing or kicking.
As a result of the accident, the city changed its policy regarding snow removal from bridges.
The winners of each of eight home and away ties entered the qualifying second round.
He was tired of trying to fit the mold of a Christian pop singer.
From 1969 to 1986 the vessel was a floating cannery in Alaska.
The band formerly included lead vocalists Jonny Craig and Kurt Travis.
Seedorf is a municipality in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
LaBean graduated from Michigan State University in 1985 with a BSc in Biochemistry.
This area has seen fast growth due to many IT companies establishment near Bannerghatta Road & Electronic city.
N. menziesii has the common name of "baby blue eyes".
It is also the administrative headquarter of the Abad Union Council.
This process is carried out through the activity of sensory neurons, interneurons, and motor neurons.
In the age of British Rule Ram Kumar Agrawal was the Jameendar, Collector and Honorary Magistrate of this town.
The film is directed by Bappaditya Bandopadhyay, produced by Dreamz Movies and Entertainment Pvt.
Banbridge Hockey Club is a hockey club based in Banbridge, County Down, Northern Ireland.
On high bar, he dismounted with a rare difficult trick, a triple twisting double layout (Fedorchenko).
The FCC in the U.S. discontinued its fee for vanity call sign applications in September 2015.
Jack Simmons (also Buck Stradlin) is an African American actor and director in gay pornography.
Potsin is a town in the Central region of Ghana.
The last Congressman to represent the 7th District was Chris Perkins, who succeeded his father, Carl D. Perkins.
Two years later Galerius managed to defeat the Sassanids at the Battle of Satala (298).
At this time, longitude was difficult to determine and not always precise.
Empires is the fourth studio album from Australian contemporary worship music band Hillsong United, a worship band from Hillsong Church.
Purchases are made with the general society fund; outright gifts only are acceptable.
Public Library (LPL) is a publicly funded library institution in the city of Leduc, Alberta, Canada.
The Vauxhall Trial Stakes was an Irish Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Phoenix Park Racecourse in Dublin.
This list is of the archeological sites of the Taklamakan Desert and Lop Desert in China.
Love is the ninth studio album by American singer-songwriter Randy Newman, released in 1999.
Lewis Smales (stage name Linford) (born 1987) is a British actor.
"Dick" Suderman (October 18, 1939 - October 16, 1972) was a Canadian Football League defensive end.
Despite its similar name, it is not a sequel to the film Seven.
For the school in Pakistan, see The International School, Karachi.
It was released in July 2008 as the second single from his debut album, Shwayze.
After riding for a few years in the United States, he began racing in Europe.
He was preceded as Monmouth University president by Paul G. Gaffney II.
Invasion Live is a live album by the English rock band Magnum.
Saj-nicole Joni is a business consultant, confidential CEO advisor, speaker, and author.
Her most recent performance in a Broadway musical was in Tuck Everlasting.
Third Doctor Adventures is a Big Finish Productions audio play series based on the TV show Doctor Who.
The album was released in October 2010 with an online countdown track by track.
The Devil is the fifth album by Blue Stahli, and his second vocal album following Blue Stahli.
The regiment was originally constituted in 1917, but it descends from predecessor units dating back to 1801.
The Hands That Thieve is the fifth studio album by the American ska-punk band Streetlight Manifesto.
1996 Women's World Weightlifting Championships were held in Warsaw, Poland from May 3 to May 11, 1996.
On December 9, 2011, Showcase announced that Lost Girl had been renewed for a third season.
The song became a club anthem that confirmed Trevi's status as a gay icon.
Max Nolan Wittek (born July 31, 1993) is an American football quarterback who is currently a free agent.
Michel Guerry (born 2 December 1932) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France.
In April 2018, Ross announced that he would retire from Congress, and not run for re-election in 2018.
Sophia Gardens Pavilion was a performance venue located in Sophia Gardens, Cardiff, Wales.
Daria Dolan is an American business news anchor, author, and radio host.
B.G. and the roster completed their contracts with Koch in 2007 and B.G. signed a solo deal with Atlantic Records.
To the east, Philippine Sea Plate meets the Pacific Plate, subducting at the Izu-Ogasawara Trench.
Like a number of his previous albums, it was released free of charge on his website.
Professional associations and utility associations play an important role in the sector.
The presence of this kinase leads to cell differentiation and may play a role in specifying sensory neuron subtypes.
It is an exclusively online newspaper for residents of Dumaguete, General Santos, Iloilo, Metro Manila, Pangasinan, Tacloban and Zamboanga City.
He was born in a hunting camp at Coral Harbor, Northwest Territories (now Nunavut).
It was the first four-engined aircraft built in the United States.
It has been domesticated and introduced to Papua New Guinea.
Harpalus mariae is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae.
The university offers 133 Bachelor's degrees, 35 Master's degrees, two Doctoral degrees (Doctor of Education), and 14 teaching credentials.
After application of MIF, usually centrifugation is used for acceleration of sedimentation.
The Tip is an album by David Murray released on the Japanese DIW label.
It was released on Josh Martinez's independent label Camobear Records on September 22, 2005.
The single was released as a translucent green 7-inch vinyl and limited to 1,500 copies.
Timberneck was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Quratulain Marri is a Pakistani politician who has been a Member of the Senate of Pakistan, since March 2018.
He serves as editor-in-chief of the peer-reviewed scientific journal Developmental Review.
It is located in Wimbledon and Merton Park, South West London.
This will guarantee easier access, exchange and reuse of legislation for public authorities, professional users, academics and citizens.
Metisella medea, the Medea sylph, is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family.
Rathi is a 1989 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Jayadevan.
Mixpak Records is a Brooklyn-based independent record label, founded in 2009 by record producer Dre Skull.
Released in 1975, it contains the hits "Shoe Shoe Shine" and "Leave It Alone".
After the loss of his brother, he went on pilgrimage to Rome and died at Voghera in Lombardy.
Alpha Rev is an American alternative rock band from Austin, Texas, fronted by Casey McPherson (formerly of Endochine).
The film features Prabhu and Kushboo in lead roles whilst Napoleon, Geetha and Salim Ghouse play supporting roles.
The suit of hearts is derived from the suit of cups.
Wazmo has worked with Stan Ridgway under his real name, Larry Grennan, along with his drummer Bruce Zelesnik.
After the team split in 2009, Cardona made appearances on ECW.
It was also used in an Audi USA commercial in 2018.
The Journal of AOAC International is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering analytical chemistry.
She is a co-founder of CarePlanners, a service that helps people navigate the healthcare system.
And she fought off the Injuns with musket and ball.
He is a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives, representing the 55th District.
The gyroball is sometimes confused with the shuuto, another pitch used in Japan.
Puente is an unincorporated community in Potter County, located in the U.S. state of Texas.
Okafor (born January 15, 1966) is a Nigerian former football (soccer) player.
The event began in 1988, and has an annual attendance of 65,000.
Native to Southern Africa, the genus is named after Sir Francis Galton.
Crane is a city in and the county seat of Crane County, Texas, United States.
Galgala is a growing town in Bari region of Somalia.
The Vermont gubernatorial election of 1880 took place on September 7, 1880.
An unopened can becomes more flavorful, sharp, dry and crumbly with age.
At the time, Intel was not commenting on this issue.
It tells of a boy growing up in Prague into the 1950s.
L. Inc. is a privately held, California based social enterprise that makes organic and plant-based personal care products.
It has both a lower campus and upper campus, which are approximately 2 miles away from each other.
NRMA Insurance replaced WOW Sight & Sound as the naming-rights sponsor of the Broncos after signing a three-year multimillion-dollar deal.
He plays in the centers and can also play on the wing.
Historically it was derived from the roots of plants of the madder genus.
He is often nicknamed the "Super Ravi" because of his skills in football.
It was named a "Book of the Year" in 2006 by The Economist.
The Specter is a British rapper, born in the French region of Normandy in 1986.
Forest City, formerly known as "Burnt Chimney," is a town in Rutherford County, North Carolina, United States.
The ruins of the Eleona were rediscovered in the 20th century and its walls were partially rebuilt.
Life-cycle analysis (LCA) can be used to compare the resource recovery potential of different treatment technologies.
Giulio di Meo (born 28 August 1982) is an Italian tennis player.
The story features one of Howard's recurring protagonists, Bran Mak Morn, a fictional King of the Picts.
Norway will compete at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics in Innsbruck, Austria.
Two children were killed and dozens of people were injured.
It was named Justice and Home Affairs (JHA) before 2003.
Canoas de Punta Sal District is one of the three districts of the province Contralmirante Villar in Peru.
The Hope Chest is an American silent comedy drama film released in 1918, starring Dorothy Gish.
Erkki Miinala (born in Kemi on 19 August 1986) is a Finnish goalball player.
It was created in 1935 for the soldier and courtier Sir Frederick Ponsonby.
Life Blood is a supernatural horror thriller film released in 2009.
The record was broken by Samuel Wanjiru at the same meeting the next year.
This regular triangle-pattern is what distinguishes grid cells from other types of cells that show spatial firing.
One was convicted in 1952 and the other pleaded guilty; both were sentenced to life.
Mathiesenfjella is a mountain group in Oscar II Land at Spitsbergen, Svalbard.
Neadmete okutanii is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae, the nutmeg snails.
At the northwest corner of the green, facing the commercial section, are three stone memorials.
League Two transfer window was opened on 1 March 2017 and closed on 15 March 2017.
Schwenter's research interests center around the contextual conditioning of linguistic variables and speakers' choice between variants to express meanings.
Peterson is a founding member of the Square Peg Alliance, a group of Christian songwriters.
Hillsborough Primary School is situated on Parkside Road in the suburb of Hillsborough in the City of Sheffield, England.
He was a founder of the Shreveport Chamber of Commerce and the last surviving director of that organization.
Champeaux is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
It is charged with overseeing the Federal Reserve Banks and with helping implement the monetary policy of the United States.
Brownsburg High School is a public high school in Brownsburg, Indiana.
WAVW (92.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country format.
It has a population of 52,063 (as of 31 December 2016).
Adventure Story is a 1949 play by the English dramatist Terence Rattigan.
Crookhorn College is a coeducational foundation secondary school, located in Waterlooville in the English county of Hampshire.
2003 Pro Bowl was the NFL's all-star game for the 2002 season.
The Southwestern Conference is a high school conference in the St. Louis Metro East area.
Nic Balthazar (born 24 July 1964 in Ghent) is a Belgian film director and a TV/radio personality (presenter, reporter, producer).
To date it has promoted a large number of Armenian musicians and created awareness about Armenian music and culture internationally.
The Garlieston branch, together with the rest of the Wigtownshire Railway, closed completely in 1964.
Screamin' is an album by organist Jack McDuff recorded in 1962 and released on the Prestige label.
It includes yearly leaders in two statistical categories: (1) total offense yards, and (2) total offense yards per game.
Their characters have been poorly defined until the study by Scarponi, Daniele, Giano Della Bella, and Alessandro Ceregato.
Paolo Curcetti (born 1 August 1936) is a retired Italian boxer.
According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 73 people.
The Loomio 1.0 software supports mobile phone usage and other enhancements.
Winston Ulysses Stanley (born July 14, 1974 in Victoria, British Columbia) is a Canadian rugby union footballer.
The receiver coil picks up the RF electromagnetic radiation produced by nuclear relaxation inside the subject.
Opened in 1975, the Kaiser Permanente owned facility is licensed for 233 hospital beds.
Peperomia subdiscoidea is a species of plant in the Piperaceae family.
While the opera was performed by an all-African American singing cast, the 1935 album featured mostly white opera singers.
These lists are used by operating systems, web browsers and various websites, particularly search engines.
Thiagarajan Sivanandam (born 21 June 1945) is an Indian actor, director and producer of Tamil films.
But most of the Ayyavolu Lords were merchants, especially those engaged in long-distance trade.
Centreville is a city in St. Clair County, Illinois, United States.
Various fables were created out of their association in both Classical and later times.
Sambin is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department in central France.
It was re-shown on French television nationwide in 1990 to remind the people of the "horrors of war".
Anisota manitobensis, the Manitoba oakworm moth, is a species of royal moth in the family Saturniidae.
It was first screened on 22 September 2006, as the second episode of series two.
Curtis F. Shoup in honor Sergeant Curtis F. Shoup who had been awarded the Medal of Honor.
It is thought to be important for Th2 cells in particular.
He found that monthly accounting was greatly complicated by the fact that months did not divide evenly into weeks.
Prior to that he was Indian High Commissioner to Pakistan, and Sri Lanka and ambassador to China and Israel.
Owned and operated by Sacred Heart Radio, Inc., it relays the Catholic religious programming originating at KBLE 1050 AM Seattle.
In the 2017 Journal Citation Reports, Human Resource Development Review had an impact factor of 2.05.
In 2004 he was a director of Fauji Fertilizer Bin Qasim Limited.
Calhoun Hill is located east, Bryden Mountain is located north, and Scotch Mountain is located west-northwest of Craig Hill.
An inaugural West Coast squad member, Brennan played mainly at full-back.
So You Think You Can Dance United Kingdom, Canada, Ukraine, and the Netherlands.
It airs a Religious radio format including programming from the Bible Broadcasting Network.
Broadcast news outlets, depending on agency or bureau video, were fortunate to receive submissions from people on the scene.
He is committed to spreading his theory that water is the source of all consciousness.
It is one of the brightest globular clusters in the LMC as viewed from Earth.
Rhizohyphae are a type of attachment structure on some lichens.
Kevin Michael McGowan (born October 18, 1991) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the New York Mets organization.
He was then appointed librarian at the Jesuit professed house in Rome.
In total, the band have performed 834 shows throughout their career.
"Murder Mitten" and the title track, "New Demons", were to follow.
Ioannis Garifallos (born 15 September 1957) is a Greek former water polo player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Elena Aleksandrovna Osokina (born 1959 in Podolsk, Soviet Union) is a Russian historian.
It developed from the Shorthorn, which itself came from County Durham, Northumberland and Yorkshire in north eastern England.
The FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18 1949 Final Tournament was held in the Netherlands.
Warnock's best known role is that of Kevin in Terry Gilliam's Time Bandits.
Upon assuming the role of CEO, Tsujihara became the first person of Asian descent to run a major Hollywood studio.
He served in the Executive Council of Prince Edward Island as Minister of Transportation and Minister of Industry.
The neighborhood is known as West Midtown Atlanta since it lies on the west side of the Downtown Connector.
NumberGuru is a website and smartphone application that allows users to look up the owner of an entered telephone number.
John Faulkner (13 July 1872 - 13 September 1934) was a British-Australian inventor and actor of theater and film.
Somalia is the home of Al-Shabaab, an internationally cited terrorist organization with ties to foreign nations.
The Bornean treepie (D. cinerascens) is sometimes considered to be a subspecies of this bird.
The Conservatives won nine, and three were under no overall control.
Fiscalization is a term referring to fiscal law designed to avoid retailer fraud.
It served Amtrak's Sunset Limited and Texas Eagle lines between Los Angeles and New Orleans and Los Angeles and Chicago.
A vehicle dweller, or car dweller, is a person who lives out of a car or other vehicle.
He discusses two major theories, general relativity and quantum mechanics, that modern scientists use to describe the universe.
Ahmed Hosny (born 18 June 1991 in Cairo) is an Egyptian professional squash player.
Ozophora laticephala is a species of dirt-colored seed bug in the family Rhyparochromidae.
The same process is required under the laws of many, if not all, states.
This will prevent the American people from having to go through their attacks back in the United States.
He is one of the leaders of a coalition of democrats and part of nationalists known as the New opposition.
These cells have also been shown to produce ghrelin's antagonistic hormone leptin.
Adjacent to the city of Porterville, the community lies by the Sierra Nevada foothills.
The Greenfield Union School is a school located at 420 West 7 Mile Road in Detroit, Michigan.
Georgatou played alongside Oksana Kalashnikova, but lost in the Quarterfinals to Nina Bratchikova and Valeria Savinykh.
These acquisitions have raised its staff count to 13,000 employees.
Lupus was the Duke of Friuli from between 660 and 663 to his death around 666.
Wayne Richard Bianchin (born September 6, 1953) is a Canadian retired-Italian professional ice hockey Left Winger.
The Maluku myotis (Myotis moluccarum), also commonly known as the Arafura large-footed bat, is a species of mouse-eared bat.
The venue was given its current name during the 1991 ownership transfer.
Saylyk is a village in the Chuy District of Chuy Region of Kyrgyzstan.
This is a list of individual single-season records for the Houston Astros of Major League Baseball.
Sportschau is a German sports magazine on broadcaster ARD, produced by WDR in Cologne.
It was released after the band left SST Records to join London Records.
Jean Halley (born June 16, 1967) is an American writer and sociologist based in New York City.
They are often used in conjunction with a filing cabinet for storage.
He inherited the Earldom of Cavan in 1702, his eldest brother Charles having predeceased their father.
Collier never got over his early death and mentions him in her 1929 autobiography Harlequinade.
He appeared in Season Three of Hetty Wainthropp Investigates playing Frank Wainthropp (1997).
The Lightning Process is not recommended by the NHS for the treatment of chronic fatigue syndrome.
Contributing to this growth is a gradual change to a five-day work week and greater leisure.
In 1924 the paper changed its name to The Robertson Mail.
Unione Sportiva Ciserano, commonly referred to as Ciserano, is an Italian football club based in Ciserano, Lombardy.
The SNP candidate, William Wolfe, became their leader for several years.
A Democrat, she was an unsuccessful candidate for Governor of Iowa in 1982 and for United States Senate in 2010.
Beginning with the 2012 season, when the Marlins are the home team, games are played at Marlins Park.
The Blues is a 2003 documentary film series produced by Martin Scorsese, dedicated to the history of blues music.
Clarke committed suicide in 2000, and for two years, both magazines were published by his widow, Celeste Casey Clarke.
They finished the season as the NCAA Division II National Champions.
The first part takes place at Gorogo, the second at Yinduri, and the final and biggest at Teng-Zug (Tong-Zuf).
Touch Book is a portable computing device that functions as a netbook, and also as a tablet.
The women's pole vault event at the 2007 Asian Athletics Championships was held in Amman, Jordan on July 29.
She has also published a series of children's books, Emlyn and the Gremlin, under the pen name Steff F. Kneff.
Klang Valley Derby is the name given to football matches that involves Selangor and Kuala Lumpur.
Its period of significance, 1814 to 1867, covers the Rappite/Harmonist and Owenite eras in New Harmony's history.
He gave it the name Lasiopetalum quercifolium J.E. Gay transferred the species to the genus Thomasia in 1861.
He was unable to make any senior appearances for the West Coast Eagles, due to a knee injury.
The movie is based on the short stories by Cornelia Baird Gross, and stars Jean Simmons and Paul Douglas.
Earlier he was an investment manager with Dodge & Cox and the CEO of subsidiaries of Kaiser Aluminum.
Lipa wrote the song with Stephen "Koz" Kozmeniuk and Talay Riley, with Kozmeniuk handling the song's production.
She has also performed at the Grand Old Opry in Nashville.
The Yakovlev Yak-53 was a single seat aerobatic trainer aircraft produced in the USSR during 1981/2.
A new Orthodox congregation was formed but the split was short lived.
He currently resides and works in Lowell and has a studio in the Brush Gallery in downtown Lowell.
Hawaiians discovered that if the ti root is baked, a sweet liquid migrates to the surface of the root.
He was also the Finance Minister of Nigeria between June 2007 and January 2009.
Nastaran Center for Cancer Prevention (often called NCCP) is a national non-profit organization that aims to "eradicate cancer.".
The Sijil Kemuliaan (Certificate of Honor) is a Singaporean award instituted in 1962.
Top Gear also gave a license to include their shows and videos, as well as a few exclusive vehicles.
In its second and third incarnations its interests have been predominantly cultural and antiquarian.
The Beiting Protectorate ended in 790 when Tingzhou was conquered by the Tibetan Empire.
The hospital is situated on the A191 in North Shields and is the largest of the Trust's three general hospitals.
Cavern of The Fear is the first book in the Deltora Shadowlands series written by Emily Rodda.
Residents enjoyed swimming in the pond and in the winter people came from miles around to skate.
There are several nationally rare plants and an uncommon heathland bird, and many lichens and mosses.
He was drafted third overall in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft by the Blue Jackets.
Many past pupils are leaders, educators, teachers and businessmen in the Deaf Community.
The two men engage in philosophical discussions while they work out how to find some clothes for the miscreant.
Doto sarsiae is a species of sea slug, a dendronotid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Dotidae.
The Honda NSR50 is one of the most commonly raced motorcycles in minibike club road racing.
The song was written by bassist/keyboardist Andy McMaster and lead vocalist/guitarist Nick Garvey.
David Ethan Kennerly directed five massively multiplayer games in the US and Korea.
On February 9, 2014 it was announced that the client is being discontinued.
Kuczkowska also finished fourth in the K-4 500 m event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
The members consisted of Seth Mosley (lead vocals, guitar), Tim Wilson (bass, background vocals) and Brian Dexter (drums, background vocals).
JADE1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the JADE1 gene.
Together, the projects generated contracts worth $414,000,000 for the supply of turbines and electricity generation equipment to General Electric (GE).
Bell-Northern Research pioneered the development of digital technology, and created the first practical digital PBX, (SL1), and central office (DMS).
Kornitsa is a village in Gotse Delchev Municipality, in Blagoevgrad Province, Bulgaria.
Slaterocoris is a genus of plant bugs in the family Miridae.
The league consists of three adult divisions and two under 18 divisions.
It should not be confused with Fairview, Erie County, Pennsylvania, which carries the ZIP code 16415.
Westminster is a village in Windham County, Vermont, United States.
The demonstrations started on 2 August, when about 10,000 people took part.
Carl R. Holladay (born October 18, 1943) is an American scholar of New Testament, Christian Origins, and Hellenistic Judaism.
The Lubin School of Business at Pace University is named after him.
The musical gabfest served as Cuneta's TV comeback in 1998 after a yearlong hiatus from show business.
He is a member of the Kentucky State Senate from the 5th District, serving since 2005.
Ouled Radi (born 5 June 1977) is a Dutch actor.
Its first flight took place in July 2015 and the UAV Model One 100 started full production in January 2016.
Leptobrachium tagbanorum is a species of frog in the family Megophryidae from Palawan, Philippines.
Stories 4 to 8 were republished in The Magnificent Wilf (1995).
Owners of this building [Kripalani Family] lived there till 1947.
It was released in the USA on June 19, 2007 on Gotee Records.
Wilfrid Walter Timms was an English cricketer active from 1921 to 1932 who played for Northamptonshire (Northants).
Antsirabe Afovoany is a town and commune (Malagasy: kaominina) in Madagascar.
Cowan is an alumnus member of the Unicode Consortium and was an editor of the XML 1.1 specification.
It was recorded and produced by Joey Sturgis of The Foundation Studios in Connersville, Indiana.
Palampur Express is a Hindi language television series that airs on Sony TV, which premiered on 25 May 2009.
He coaches promising Tanzanians at International School of Moshi Arusha Campus.
It is used to extract API documentation from source code.
The game received highly positive reviews from magazines such as Aktueller Software Markt, Crash, Sinclair User, and Your Sinclair.
Richards became the first New Zealander to win the race and it was the Holden Dealer Teams third win.
This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1989 South Australian state election, held on 25 November 1989.
The Kundalika is a small river flowing from the hills of Sahyadri to the Arabian Sea.
Academy Independent School District is a school district based in Little River-Academy, Texas (USA).
The bar (or barre) itself is a flexible vaulting pole around 4 meters long, typically made of fiberglass.
Comeback Kid is a Canadian hardcore punk band from Winnipeg, Manitoba.
Various colors and stamps are available to achieve different looks.
He supported the election of his pupil Henry II and thus became sole ruler of Worms.
Parasites similar to QPX were first observed in New Brunswick, Canada, in 1959.
Nonprofit and Voluntary Sector Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on the nonprofit and voluntary sector.
The club is focused exclusively on the game of Gaelic football.
2018 Tennessee State Tigers football team represents Tennessee State University in the 2018 NCAA Division I FCS football season.
The station includes a passenger waiting area and a small railroad museum.
Anthony Jelonch (born 28 July 1996) is a French rugby union flanker and he currently plays for Castres Olympique.
The four founding members of the JuJu Mob include Reef the Lost Cauze, Charon Don, Chief Kamachi and State Store.
Coram Deo is a Latin phrase that means in the presence of God.
B. K. Somasekhara is a sitting judge of the Karnataka High Court in India.
He played college football at Auburn and was a member of the 2010 BCS National Championship team.
In April 2014, a sequel to this game was released on iOS and Android devices, entitled Sonic Jump Fever.
Drawdy Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of West Virginia.
This article is about the particular significance of the year 2003 to Wales and its people.
Toronto Rock and Roll Revival was a one-day, twelve-hour music festival held in Toronto, Ontario, Canada on September 13, 1969.
The boat was built by Catalina Yachts in the United States, but it is now out of production.
The Yuma River (Dominican Republic) is a river of the Dominican Republic.
This is a list of the German Media Control GfK International Top100 Singles Chart number-ones of 1986.
Cycling gloves for road racing or touring are usually fingerless.
Estimates of the percentage of women of reproductive age affected varying from 20 to 90%.
The city is mostly in Rice County, with a small portion in Dakota County.
Tragidion dichromaticum is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family.
The Kingdom of Nnewi has been a monarchy since 15th century.
He is a former NCAA, NHL and WHA coach and General Manager.
Clinton R. Nixon is a designer and publisher of indie role-playing games.
This painting is an example of Henri Matisse's mature decorative style.
The suit was settled in 2011 for $380 million and commitments to improve program management.
Cave Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide.
The song was recorded in Simlish and is featured in The Sims 2 expansion pack Seasons.
It is about 400 km southwest of Paris, via Chartres, Le Mans, Angers, and Nantes.
Rocky Baptiste (born 8 July 1978) is an English football striker who plays for Eastbourne Town.
That anger and frustration is real."Asher was once a joiner and a mason but left the trade due to allergies.
Grossing $80.7 million on a $60 million budget, Sinbad is considered a box office bomb.
It is usually found living on the surface of a sea snail shell in which a hermit crab is living.
In May 2014, Jinich was invited to cook at the White House for President Barack Obama's Cinco de Mayo dinner.
He flew as a gunner/observer in two-seater fighters, garnering his wins while flying with three different pilots.
In 1987 a Flyer became the first ultralight to land at the North Pole.
2009 Lundy was the recipient of the Southern Foodways Alliance's Craig Claiborne Lifetime Achievement Award.
The single reached No. 51 in the UK Singles Chart.
He also has extensive research on delivery of psychological care at a distance.
Authoritative information and statistics to promote better health and well-being, is the most vulnerable demographic to attempt suicide.
It was released on vinyl at their live shows in their New Zealand tour during March 2008.
They signed with Mushroom and released their debut album Underneath the Watchful Eye in 1988.
United States of Jihad is a 2016 book by Peter Bergen.
It was released on 25 October 1992 as one among Deepavali releases along with Thevar Magan.
The role was originated in January 1977 by actor Luke Reilly.
There are a number of spellings for the clan which include, MacMurroghowe, MacMoroghoe, Murroghowe, Moroghoe, Morrow and Murrow.
The project was postponed due to funding problems before eventually being formally closed down by Merseytravel in October 2013.
One story tells of a woman who named it after her native home in Kentucky.
He was general chaplain for the General Society Sons of the Revolution 1940-1947.
L.I.F.E sold 40,000 copies on the first day of its release.
High Class in Borrowed Shoes is the second album by Canadian rock band Max Webster.
The book is powerful novel about family, loyalty, and the choices which we have to make.
Hiraea faginea and H. fagifolia are among the most widespread species.
It was used as a general hospital then converted to house mentally ill patients.
Octopus chierchiae commonly known as the lesser Pacific striped octopus is a species of octopus.
Anthony G. Collins (born 1949) is the 16th President of Clarkson University in Potsdam, New York.
The Archives contain the world's largest collection of materials by and about lesbians.
Also, this was the last series to ever air in Telefe.
It stars Jackie Shroff, Naseeruddin Shah, Sangeeta Bijlani and Shilpa Shirodkar in pivotal roles.
The Ocean of Osyria is the first book in the Hardy Boys Graphic Novel series.
Kellwood became an affiliated company of Sun Capital Partners, Inc. in February, 2008.
Ameerat (foaled 4 April 1998) is a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
It is the only team in the AUDL to represent a state rather than a specific city.
He was suspected by law enforcement of as many as 60 murders.
Some widescreen comics, such as the New X-Men 2001 Annual, are published horizontally with the staples at the top.
The station carries a mixture of sports, religious programming, and reruns of classic sitcoms.
Windellama is a rural locality in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales, Australia in the Goulburn Mulwaree Council.
Some of these early filmed sessions were later released on the Led Zeppelin DVD (2003).
Its headquarters are in Rome and is led by the Italian Minister of Health.
This would be their last release recorded in a studio.
Spider and Web is a piece of interactive fiction written by Andrew Plotkin.
First, the gathering was designed to plan and build momentum for the first-ever US Social Forum.
Its UK headquarters are in Arena Business Center, Holy Rood Close, Poole BH17 7BA, United Kingdom.
Dealogic bank rankings have become a barometer for the industry and a benchmark for banking performance.
ISL alumni have gone on to attend universities around the world, particularly in Nigeria, Britain and the United States.
Park is an electoral ward of the Borough of Reading, in the English county of Berkshire.
The Castle is a populated place in the parish of Saint Peter, Barbados.
Not Fade Away is the fifth album recorded by Irish singer-songwriter David Kitt, and was released on August 18, 2006.
The film stars Peter Kastner and Julie Biggs as Peter and Julie, the protagonists of the original film.
The 433 SFS is assigned to the 433d Airlift Wing, the "Alamo Wing".
Since 2007 Ian has been running a music festival called Camp A Low Hum.
Twelve of these vacancies were filled through by-elections, and four seats remained vacant when the 2004 federal election was called.
Previous business day: the payment date is rolled to the previous business day.
The film was also shown at the Venetian Movie Festival, where it won a Silver Lion of San Marco.
The final was lost against the team of NL Primorje.
On 11 September 1999 he was appointed titular bishop of Tisedi and an auxiliary bishop of Magdeburg.
It is found in Nigeria, Cameroon, Gabon, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Central African Republic, Uganda and Kenya.
Internal prolapses are traditionally harder to treat and surgery may not be suitable for many patients.
The song peaked at number 37 on the UK Singles Chart.
An Old Captivity is a novel by British author Nevil Shute.
However, unlike these other groups, ovules are produced on cone scales, which are modified shoots rather than sporophylls.
Tourist are mostly found living in this village with families rather than living at hotel..
Lieutenant-Colonel W. G. B. Dickson was an acting Commander of the Ceylon Defense Force.
Following the victory of the Taliban, Dangar joined the Taliban and stayed there following their collapse in 2001.
The brood comb is the beeswax structure of cells where the queen bee lays eggs.
Rafael Copetti Fernandes (born 4 April 1991) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Treze.
Current River is a neighborhood located north east of Port Arthur in the city of Thunder Bay, Ontario.
Graham only played 5 games in 2007, struggling to overcome injury and a form slump.
The Green Man is a grade II listed public house in Mill Green Lane, Hatfield, Hertfordshire, England.
He played for the New York Giants from 1975 to 1976 and for the St. Louis Cardinals in 1977.
Foulayronnes is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.
Philautus maosonensis is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae.
Melanie R. White (born April 24, 1986) is an American designer from Yonkers, NY.
A Yank in Indo-China is a 1952 American film starring John Archer.
Adhesion between the resist and the template is controlled to allow proper release.
Considered to be a landmark of the Art Deco era, it became home of the Augusta Arts Council.
Compared to other parts of Southeast Asia, women in Philippine society have always enjoyed a greater share of equality.
Representing East Java, Yunadi was crowned as Miss Indonesia 2011 on June 3, 2011 at Central Park, Jakarta.
It is of ancient evolutionary origin, and is homologous to nerve globins of invertebrates.
According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 54,106 people.
His proclamation, therefore, was on face of it irrational, and the doctrine of objective invalidity rendered it void ab initio.
In 2008 the first atlas containing trichoscopy images was published by Antonella Tosti.
In 2013, the governments of Kenya and Somalia signed a tripartite agreement facilitating the repatriation of refugees at the complex.
The channel launched as Nick Hits on 2 August 2007 and was rebranded by Nick Music on 1 February 2017.
This town is also popular as Kota Kalong, which means megabat city.
The movie was reported to be remade in Marathi, thereby becoming the first Tulu to be remade in other language.
There is also a dam nearby with the same name.
In the 2003 presidential elections, its candidate Anote Tong won 47.4% and was elected president.
Mark Helfrich (born November 1957) is an American film editor and director.
He is a member of the Irish-American supergroup The Gloaming.
In 1940, Woo returned to Los Angeles and graduated from UCLA.
Gabari has also had success at lower levels of motorsport.
Though not a regular issue, it contained the first new X-Men story in five years.
The troops of this regiment sent to Oregon were afterwards returned to California.
Being an allegorical description of the actions of good and bad men in these our days.
Physicians specializing in internal medicine are called internists, or physicians (without a modifier) in Commonwealth nations.
The bakery is sometimes credited with helping to start a 1990s "cupcake craze".
Ostedes brunneovariegata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
The result saw 94.5% vote in favor, with a turnout of 72.2%.
The film was followed by Bride of Chucky, Seed of Chucky, Curse of Chucky and Cult of Chucky.
He represents the Seine-Maritime department, and is a member of the French Communist Party.
Matanzas are a baseball team in the Cuban National Series.
William Hall Jr. is a film and stage actor who has been involved in acting since the early 1970s.
He has released four albums and a collection, and is currently signed to Kranky Records.
There is an upper primary school with a student population of about 200.
The EP also features three previously unheard tracks: "Rewind", "Don't Talk About Love", and "Girls Are Always Right".
Helena Loshanyang Kirop (born 9 September 1976) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who specializes in marathon running.
The 476th Fighter Group is an Air Reserve Component (ARC) of the United States Air Force.
It is open weekdays in the warmer months; an admission fee is charged.
Writing systems developed locally in the twentieth century include the Osmanya, Borama and Kaddare scripts.
She initially rose to prominence in 1988, singing the main scores to the film Mystic Pizza.
He decided to pursue cosmetic surgery during his residency at Temple University Hospital.
After extensive touring across the United States and lineup changes, the band released Shadows of Vanity in 2007.
The Governors of Singapore were the political leaders of Singapore during its pre-independence phase in the history of Singapore.
He is currently the manager of Championnat de France amateur side Les Herbiers, a position he has held since 2002.
Mylia taylorii, the Taylor's flapwort, is a species of leafy liverwort.
Launched between 2013 and 2015, the radio telescope could look for exoplanets and detect signals in the 1-10 MHz range.
Pheidole simplispinosa is a species of ant native to the forests of Fiji.
Princess Yeshashework's second husband, Bitwoded Makonnen Demissew, perished at Amba Aradam while fighting the Italian invasion of 1936.
Barcelona is best known for its abundant supply of coconuts, copra, and root crops such as sweet potato & cassava.
He is president of Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines University since October 2017.
He was Area Dean of Wrexham from 2002 to 2008.
Breweries in Louisiana produce a wide range of beers in different styles that are marketed locally, regionally, and nationally.
Pan American softball is competed by women only, while men compete in the similar sport of baseball.
In 1848 he became a curate of St. Luke's, Birmingham.
Subjective well-being (SWB) is a self-reported measure of well-being, typically obtained by questionnaire.
Dust is the third album by Berlin-based American electronic musician Laurel Halo, released via Hyperdub on June 23, 2017.
The college was established in the year 2012 by Mr. Nazerath Charles, an entrepreneur and founder of Nova Educational Trust.
Beach is an unincorporated community in northwestern Webster County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
The 20th Ryder Cup Matches were held at Muirfield in Gullane, East Lothian, Scotland.
Particularly destructive of textiles, and found to have increased dramatically in south-west England in 2018.
Standing at 2.06 m (6 ft 9 in), he usually plays at the power forward position.
All grade levels and the administration share the same building.
Unkulunkulu is the highest God and is the creator of humanity.
The Blues emerged victorious despite Essendon kicking more goals, the only time that happened in a VFL Grand Final.
3taps paid $1,000,000 which Craigslist will donate to the EFF over ten years.
Compared to other lichens, it is tolerant of air pollutants and other toxins such as NO2 and SO2.
Malcolm Ross (born 31 July 1960 in Blantyre, Malawi) is a Scottish guitarist.
It has also been associated with the Modern Language Association.
Tours to Russia (then the Soviet Union), Paris and northern France, Spain, Belgium and the Rhineland, and Italy followed.
William Glyndwr "Wil" Edmunds OBE (born 1947) is a retired Welsh educationalist.
It is a mucin-like molecule with a molar mass of over 1000 kDa.
Morgan Township Middle-High School is a public high school located in Valparaiso, Indiana.
Their fur is darker than other spaniels and they have no undercoat like most of the other field type spaniels.
Carinapex cernohorskyi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horaiclavidae.
For typical intensities, optical rectification is a second-order phenomenon which is based on the inverse process of the electro-optic effect.
The material contained on the album was recorded during the sessions for the 2012 album Heroes.
Harold Brierley is an American business and marketing executive focused on loyalty programs.
The program was administered by the Institute of International Education from 1973 until the mid-1980s.
Gillon and Dalley have been serving as main hosts due to Jayes being on maternity leave.
It performs throughout the year at various athletic and goodwill functions across campus.
It closed in May 2003 in order for the owner, Land Securities Trillium, to redevelop Neville House.
She competed at the 100 meters sprint and placed sixth in her heat without advancing to the second round.
The film was marketed with the tagline "Every young man needs a teacher."
They have recordings released on record labels including CRI/New World, and New Albion, as well as Tzadik.
The European Union (Amendment) Act 2008 (c. 7) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
In 1963 he got his MA and in 1967 his PhD, both from the University of California, Berkeley.
Lee's 1960 novel, To Kill a Mockingbird, earned her the Pulitzer Prize.
Palkonya (Croatian: Plakinja, Palkonija) is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
Kemaman is a federal constituency in Terengganu, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 1959.
This video started a viral trend of people uploading their own "Harlem Shake" videos to YouTube.
The species is noted for its peculiar mating practice: during mating, the ventral surfaces and mouthparts of the partners touch.
"Ney" M. Dimaculangan (born February 25, 1981) is a Filipino singer known as the former vocalist and songwriter of 6cyclemind.
These polymers are often synthesized by condensation reactions, ring opening polymerization, and metal catalysts.
He had a hit in the 1980s with "Searching for a Star".
Brittany O'Connell (born December 6, 1972 in California) is the stage name of an American pornographic actress.
There were 16 competitors from 10 countries who took part in this event.
It aids in establishing and maintaining secondary standby databases as alternative/supplementary repositories to production primary databases.
Altamont House is a historic building best known for its ornamental gardens in County Carlow.
J. Meridew, W.H. Moffatt, J.M. Moir, G.B. Morgan, was killed with the 75th on the 1st March 1917.
Cornukaempferia is a genus of plants in the ginger family.
Sixteen plant families are currently recognized by botanists to be part of Poales.
Mister International is an annual male beauty pageant founded in 2006.
Ulsan Sports Complex consists of the Ulsan Stadium and Dongchun Gymnasium.
The first was held in Ho Chi Minh City in 2002 with more than 40 participants.
The large head houses expanded gills, which are thought to be an adaptation for hypoxic conditions.
The event was once again dominated by Ethiopian and Kenyan runners and also Eritrean runners.
It sits on the River Bann, along the main road between the towns of Banbridge and Portadown.
While mainly a franchise system, the company owns and operates several corporate locations.
The spinal length in boys may be short due to a rapid advance in epiphyseal maturation.
They have released a handful of EPs and an album, Portraits.
Renate "Rennie" Marie Simson was an American author and professor of African-American literature and writing.
Dowling is a census-designated place (CDP) in Baltimore Township in Barry County, Michigan, United States.
Michigan City hosted the sailing events at the 1987 Pan American Games.
Williams is a town in Colleton County, South Carolina, United States.
The company was bought by either American Car Company or J. G. Brill and Company in 1902.
The property encompasses 10 contributing buildings, 1 contributing site, and 1 contributing structure.
Helen Glacier flows to the east from a cirque to the northeast of Mount Helen.
TRO is a healthcare design firm headquartered in Boston, MA.
The area code 671 is the local telephone area code of the United States territory of Guam.
McHenry Hollow is a valley in Shannon County in the U.S. state of Missouri.
O'Riordan became a regular member of the starting fifteen and won two All-Ireland medals and three Munster medals.
Valley Brook is an unincorporated community in Noble Township, Wabash County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
Due to the influence of other cultures, many started using names from other languages, mainly European.
Four Ways is a locality in the Shire of Cloncurry, Queensland, Australia.
It is a leafy, residential suburb with the dominant architectural style being "Queenslander" architecture.
Lin Senhao's death penalty was executed on December 11, 2015.
Euzophera flagella is a species of snout moth in the genus Euzophera.
It is this characteristic that the botanist Linnaeus used to assign the specific name hypogaea, which means "under the earth."
The album was released on Universal Records and debuted at #25 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart.
Isagani R. Cruz (born in 1945) is a Filipino writer.
It is available in five languages in full HD across the Indian subcontinent.
This page lists the major power stations located in Sichuan Province.
Bulbophyllum psilorhopalon is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
He was succeeded by his brother-in-law Ivan Christian, and was uncle to future mayor's Steve Christian and Brenda Christian.
It was the inaugural edition of the tournament and was held from 7 through 13 January 2001.
Part of it is a Site of Borough Importance for Nature Conservation, Grade II.
Belper School and Sixth Form Center is a foundation secondary school located in the north-east of Belper, Derbyshire, England.
It also is part of the soundtrack of the movie 500 Days of Summer.
The university has a total of 25 Nobel Laureates; only the Oxbridge universities have more Nobel laureates.
It was originally biannual, but became quarterly in 2008 and bimonthly in 2009, except for a brief hiatus in 2010.
Brominated haloalkanes were first used during World War II as fire extinguisher for aircraft and tanks.
Baloskion australe, commonly known as the southern or mountain cordrush, is a species of perennial herb found in southeastern Australia.
Mecometopus melanion is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Tetragonoderus chaudoiri is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae.
Leonidas Pyrgos (born 1871 in Mantineia, Arcadia) was a Greek fencer.
Chad Kilgore (born August 8, 1989) is a former American football linebacker.
This is reflected in its thick jaw, adapted to crush shells.
The Dove Shack is a G-funk group from Long Beach.
Traeger is an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Queensland.
In 1993, Carr joined up with former The Mechanics guitarist Tim Racca to form 16 Tons.
A video for the song "Composure" was recorded and was released as a single on September 6, 2007.
Hasara is a village and municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal.
In 1999, U.S. Equity bought real estate publisher Schein Publications.
ZRs and minibusses give change for fare, while the large government-operated busses do not.
Des Bouvrie not only creates furniture with attractive looks; his design ethos ensures that they are very comfortable too.
The membership includes 24 food co-ops, four housing co-ops, one bike co-op and one swap/re-use co-op.
A second production at the OpenStage Theater in Pittsburgh won the Theater League of Western Pennsylvania's top honors for 2008.
The song was performed live by Allen during her 2007 concert tour, as part of the encore.
It starred Anne Haddy and Alistair Duncan and was directed by James Upshaw.
The series has been known as Mathematical Surveys and Monographs since 1984.
It is his debut single, released in 1997, and is featured on the GROOVEssentials Volume One compilation album.
Its purpose is unknown but since 1925 it has been used as a school and village hall.
They made their formal debut in 2001 and, to date, have released 30 singles.
Pathfinders is a pathfinder unit of the British Army, and an integral part of 16 Air Assault Brigade.
It has been described as a subgenus to Soriculus in the past.
These models can often be run in real time to give a virtual response close to the actual system.
Charlotte Wray is the News Editor, Jeff Hamlin is the Sports Editor, and Kim Cates is the Office Manager.
This title involves a slight play on words of the common phrase: it "hurts me so".
Working closely with the IMF, the government has made considerable progress in reducing inflation and the budget deficit.
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Lawrence County, Indiana.
Overall, the Sarawak National Front won 28 constituencies with PBB 14; SUPP 11 and SNAP 3.
Compsosoma mniszechii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
It allows senior executives from all around the world to participate in.
It features 2 1/2-story buff brick arched bays and orange terra cotta ornamentation.
In 1984 he tied for 20th place individually and helped his team take 6th place.
Its operations were drastically scaled back in its last years of operation due to serious financial difficulties.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the magazine has a 2013 impact factor of 4.460.
In My Time as well as from Reflections of Passion and Live at the Acropolis.
A Manghihilot employs chiropractic-like manipulation and massage for the diagnosis and treatment of musculoskeletal ailments.
Prior to being elected to the state assembly, he was a school board trustee for the Templeton Unified School District.
The Micromax Ninja A89 is a dual SIM Android smartphone launched & marketed by Micromax Mobile.
Blood phobia (also AE: hemophobia or BE: haemophobia) is extreme and irrational fear of blood, a type of specific phobia.
He also competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Men's Freestyle 84 kg, placing 13th.
He went to Fordham University, where he pitched on the baseball team.
My Lady of Whim is a 1925 American silent comedy film directed by Dallas M. Fitzgerald.
The park is accessible from Safdarjung Enclave and Green Park, Hauz Khas Village.
The screenplay, written by Leigh Whannell, is based on a story by Wan and Whannell.
Hailie Sahar (born 1988) is an American recording artist, fashion designer, human rights activist and actress.
However, the name was changed to the American Federation of Astrologers in the mid-1940s.
More: Life in Delhi's Red Light District is a 2012 book by the Indian writer and photojournalist Mayank Austen Soofi.
2010 Aegon Trophy was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts.
Ugly EP is the official score for the 2010 film Jonah Hex directed by Jimmy Hayward and starring Josh Brolin.
She competed for her native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1984.
The club was known as A.S. Nuorese Calcio until 2006, and F.C. Nuorese Calcio from 2006 to 2008.
Qualifying free-to-air channels are BBC One, BBC Two, ITV, Channel 4 and Channel 5.
She played Lock for Ireland at the 2010 and 2014 Women's Rugby World Cup's.
Freedom Friday is the only political opposition organization in Eritrea.
Helen Louise Miles (born 2 March 1967) is a Welsh former sprinter who competed mainly in the 100 meters.
STS-5 was the first shuttle mission to deploy communications satellites into orbit, and the first officially "operational" shuttle mission.
Hello English was officially inaugurated by C. Raveendranath, Minister for Education of the Government of Kerala.
Prior to 1998, the schools were part of the North York Board of Education.
A post office called Bushong was established in 1891, and remained in operation until 1903.
It traveled to 10 circuits across Europe and a double-header at Indianapolis, USA.
University of Brighton Students' Union is the representative body for the students at the University of Brighton.
Apple Pay supports most major credit cards or debit cards, including American Express, Visa, Mastercard and UnionPay etc.
McLaren Flint is a subsidiary of McLaren Health Care Corporation.
Baculoviruses contain circular double-stranded genome ranging from 80 to 180 kbp.
Saleem is from Lahore and son of a charted accountant.
Seon is a municipality in the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Glen Wallace (born 5 May 1976) is a Northern Irish actor.
182, a country commits itself to taking immediate action to prohibit and eliminate the worst forms of child labor.
They are currently members of the Isthmian League South Central Division and play at the Cheshunt Stadium.
Odontosida is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
Senftenberg is a town in the district of Krems-Land in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.
Established in 1934, the American Board of Radiology (ABR) is a not for profit physician-led organization.
Giuseppe Cannone (born c. 1924) is an Italian professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s.
The compound has been found to produce neuroprotective, neurogenic, and antidepressant-like effects in animals.
In addition, the mall, with over 500 retail outlets, also houses Penang's first wax museum.
This is a list of heads of state, heads of governments, and other rulers in the year 1954.
Aberfeldy is also mentioned in the traditional Loch Tay Boat Song.
It is a hub of commuter rail in Hyderabad suburban railway.
Torque lets you access and manipulate data in a relational database using Java objects.
It is an important cause of disease in daffodils (Narcissus).
The "five-hole" is a nickname for the space between a goaltender's legs in ice hockey.
Parliamentary elections were held in Norway on 24 October 1921.
The track and field events took place at the Wunna Theikdi Stadium on December 17.
In clinical trials, PPOS is the probability of observing a success in the future based on existing data.
The cabinet was based on a coalition of Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) and the Catholic Zentrum.
Johnny 99 is the 69th album by American country singer Johnny Cash, released on Columbia Records in 1983.
The county is named after U.S. President William Henry Harrison.
Amblytelus montorum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Psydrinae.
Mons is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Also MSF became the students wing of Pakistan Muslim League.
Monopolists tend to produce less than the optimal quantity pushing the prices up.
Another historic structure is the Satterly Barn which was built in the early 1700s.
Originally published by Duke University Press and Hindawi Publishing Corporation, it is now published by Oxford University Press.
Chorizanthe leptotheca is an erect herb growing up to about 35 centimeters tall.
Young birds are brown, flecked with white and gray, and are quite similar to each other in the extant species.
Onchidella maculata is a species of air-breathing sea slug, a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
Abu Ballas (the pottery hill) is an archeological site in the Western desert of Egypt.
Passarelli joined Harris and Lala in Stephen Stills' band Manassas in 1973, and Elton John's backing band in 1975.
The Limmo Peninsula is a district of the London Borough of Newham in London's East End.
The site includes many other caves, some linked with each other.
More specifically, interventions based on the theory of planned behavior and cognitive-behavioral therapy seem to provide the most promising results.
Apricitabine (INN, codenamed AVX754 and SPD754, sometimes abbreviated to ATC) is an experimental nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI) against HIV.
Black Lips! is the Black Lips' debut LP album, released in 2003.
2007 in Malaysia is the 50th anniversary of Malaysia's independence.
In 2008 he sold 17 properties for 25 million EUR of which more than half was paid by the municipality.
Ukraine was represented at the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 by Ruslana and "Wild Dances", performed in English.
A large number of environmental non-government organizations have been established in Lebanon.
Most of the film was shot in Brazil, Dubai and Muscat.
It operates bottling plants and distribution centers in Mexico, Ecuador, Peru, Argentina, and the United States.
Xysticus punctatus is a species of crab spider in the family Thomisidae.
Under the current constituency numbering system, it is designated as constituency 119.
The Martina Franca donkey, Italian: Asino di Martina Franca, is a breed of donkey from Puglia in southern Italy.
The Men's marathon B1 was a marathon event in athletics at the 1992 Summer Paralympics, for totally blind athletes.
Dev Dines was a five-eighth for the Western Suburbs Magpies between 1950-1951, late 1952, 1953-1957.
The film then commences a discussion of the Army Nurse's training and life during the war, beginning with basic training.
Attalia philbyi, common name Yemen mantis is a species of praying mantis native to Yemen and Saudi Arabia.
The first such were the Russian post offices in the Ottoman (Turkish) Empire, which began operations in the 1770s.
Blain was an animal disease of unknown etiology that was well known in the eighteenth- and nineteenth centuries.
Lauren Brant (born 24 February 1989) is a South African-Australian television personality and actress.
The first Monolith appears at the beginning of the story, set in prehistoric times.
Commuter rail in Cleveland, Ohio was operated by various companies until the discontinuance of the final route in early 1977.
Amphibious warfare includes operations defined by their type, purpose, scale and means of execution.
On subsequent occasions Cicero presented Fidiculanius in different lights, according to the needs of his clients.
According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 73,978.
The district includes three elementary schools, two middle schools, and one high school.
Zenkerellinae is a subfamily of "pygmy scaly-tailed flying squirrels" which was classified in 1898 by Paul Matschie.
The company offers general insurance products to retail and commercial clients.
Though it was hoped the community might become the county seat, that never happened and postal service stopped in 1847.
Boutteville is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in northwestern France.
The first series Operation Ouch! aired on CBBC in October 2012 and ABC Australia in 2013.
However, by ownership, both clubs remains independent from each other.
At the end of 2010 1% of the Flemish households were supplied by Ecopower.
In 1979, the park was named a South African Provincial Heritage Site.
It features artists such as Orbital, Chemical Brothers, and Future Sound Of London.
She was named after Benjamin Harrison, the twenty-third President of the United States.
Like most forms of sexual activity, oral sex can pose a risk for contracting sexually transmitted infections (STIs/STDs).
It makes the GoodHope-Mabule Constituency represented by MP Kgosi Lotlaamoreng II in the national assembly.
The label's albums are recorded at Ardent Studios in Memphis.
Robertus de Fenwicke Dixon was an English clergyman and theologian best known as the last Lord Prebendary of Rochester.
The flower is just under a centimeter long and has a five-lobed corolla.
"I'm Beggin' You" reached number one on the U.S. Billboard Hot Dance Club Play for one week, early in 1988.
TreeBASE is a repository of phylogenetic data published in scientific journals.
When writers changed the characters age they hired Vas to play her instead.
Dylan Thomas Sprouse (born August 4, 1992) is an American actor and the twin brother of Cole Sprouse.
The family contains ten species in four (sometimes three) genera.
Andres Cuero (born July 8, 1989) is an American soccer player who played for Austin Aztex in the USL Pro.
Above the radicle is the embryonic stem or hypocotyl, supporting the cotyledon(s).It is the embryonic root inside the seed.
At the 2017 Open Shooting Championships in Thailand, he won gold in the senior men's shotgun double trap category.
Approximately 20,000 students from 52 countries study at Wintec each year, and the organization employs around 840 staff.
Urban Grace Church and the City of Tacoma sponsor a poet laureate program and a poetry series in Tacoma.
This gene encodes a calcium-independent phospholipid-binding protein whose expression increases in serum-starved cells.
Longwood Cricket Club is a tennis and former cricket club based in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts, United States.
However, hydropower is expected to be the main benefit of the dams.
Syntax was also simplified somewhat, with word order patterns becoming more rigid.
Its population as of 1990 was 608; its population as of 2000 was 597.
However, relations between the Derg and the Waz League went sour.
The mode of ring-closing in the formation of many alicyclic compounds can be predicted by Baldwin's rules.
Dawn in Darkness is the debut studio album by Australian singer and songwriter Mark Holden.
Phtheochroa gigantica is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.
The team was purchased and relocated to Buffalo where it played three more seasons as the Buffalo Wings.
Goel's 637 wickets is a record by a long way, Srinivas Venkataraghavan with 530 wickets being the next best.
The film was initially to be titled "Mr. Co-Ed" with Red Skelton having top billing.
He is credited with inventing several design improvements to the pocket watch and watch movement.
Two species have yellow ray florets with staminodes, and one lacks ray florets.
Joaquin M. Henson (born 1950), also known as Quinito Henson, is a Filipino sports analyst and television color commentator.
The building is owned and used by Bijou Wedding Venues Limited.
He received a BS in engineering from the University of Utah in 1944.
Champion Hurdle was a horse race held at Cheltenham Racecourse on Tuesday 13 March 2012.
The population was 4,690 at the 2010 census, gaining 238 people since the 2000 census.
The stadium is the home stadium of the Kansas Jayhawks football team.
Souto Soares is a municipality in the state of Bahia in the North-East region of Brazil.
The Marche regional election of 1985 took place on 12 May 1985.
Fibrosclerosis of the breast is most frequently used to mean sclerosing lobular adenosis of the breast.
I documentary film that was released by the American Red Cross.
Garcinia indica is indigenous to the Western Ghats region of India located along the western coast of the country.
Ramayana is a Telugu translation of the Hindu epic Ramayana made by the Thanjavur Nayak ruler Raghunatha Nayak.
Takashi Futatsugi of Riddim named it one of the 12 best albums of 2001.
ICT development and mobile penetration are strongly correlated with economic growth and social benefits.
Sugar Mountain is a village in Avery County, North Carolina, United States.
The Federal School now has 1849 school re-enactments for 4th Graders in the School District of Haverford Township.
The privately owned Independence Center shopping center is just north of it across Interstate 70.
Nagasawa returned to Japan in January 1976 and established his plant, Nagasawa Racing Cycle, in Kashiwara, Osaka Prefecture.
Tmesisternus postglaber is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
The bridge cost $1 million to build in its day.
After the successful OFO-A mission in 1970, interest in the research continued.
The building formerly served as city hall and police station, but is now the municipal bar and liquor store.
The software runs only on Windows XP and is blocked due to "compatibility reasons" under Windows Vista and later.
He served in the Assembly again from 2004 to 2006, representing the 18th District.
Nuclear weapons take a concentration of 90% uranium-235, and light water reactors require a concentration of roughly 3% uranium-235.
It is a dual-purpose street/trail bike aimed at teenage riders who were beginning motorcyclists.
The Sarasota Open was a golf tournament on the LPGA Tour from 1952 to 1956.
In 2011, E.ON UK was the principal sponsor of Nottinghamshire Pride.
Pariahuanca District is one of eleven districts of the province Carhuaz in Peru.
The neighborhood is part of the South Keys Greenboro Community Association.
She was a member of the Bougainville House of Representatives from 2010 to 2015, representing the South Bougainville (Women's) constituency.
It was built in 2000 at a cost of approximately $10.5-million and replaced J.W. Little Stadium.
It lies at an elevation of 33 feet (10 m).
Emma was a daughter of Theudebert II, King of Austrasia from 595 to 612.
Most of the women in Kabul resisted the Mujahideen because of their retrogressive laws concerning women.
The sanctuary was built in 1907, and is a red brick Gothic Revival style building.
Villelongue-d'Aude is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
He is Professor of Genetics, Genomics and Development at University of California, Berkeley.
Los Cajones is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
It is often useful to use lattice models to approximate real-world processes, such as Brownian motion.
Nemophora humilis is a species of moth of the Adelidae family that is known from Mozambique.
Though loosely associated with the Presbyterian Church, the college is non-denominational.
In 2007, At the age of 26, Tim won the City Life Comedian of the Year.
It was won by the Conservative candidate Frederick Leverton Harris.
Upon its release, the album was made available on iTunes, Rhapsody, Google Play and Myspace.
The WAGS Tournament is the No. 9 ranked girls event in the United States on the youth soccer site GotSoccer.com.
It was published by Dark Horse Comics in unison with DC Comics from July 1995-September 1995.
Stephen Prentice is an English screenwriter best known for writing the low budget horror comedy Tormented.
Lieutenant general is a superior rank to major general, but subordinate to a (full) general.
In the freshwater aquarium trade it is sometimes sold under the synonym Potamonautes orbitospinus.
They subsequently fought a number of battles throughout 1942, 1943 and early 1944.
Sexual transmission is possible through vaginal, anal, or oral sex.
The song received generally positive reviews from music critics, many saying it is an instant standout from the album.
Ronnie the Rhino is the mascot of Leeds Rhinos rugby league team.
Veblen's book was published at a high point of American concern with business combinations and trusts.
The American and European album versions feature 2 different bonus tracks.
She has been a member of the Russian national team, and took part in the 2003 World Cup.
Name of the group Airija means Ireland in the Lithuanian language.
It is a large two story, five-bay, Flemish-bond brick house, that faces the Potomac River.
It is partly funded by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport.
In October, he impressed in a week's trial at Queens Park Rangers, this was extended for a further 2 weeks.
He married secondly, on 11 November 1800, Maria Eden, daughter of Sir John Eden, 4th Baronet of Durham.
Chapter five of Skinner's Verbal Behavior discusses the tact in depth.
He was an MP for one term from 2002 to 2005.
The organization sought both and political and religious rights for women.
It is easily distinguished by the black stripe that runs laterally on both sides of its neck.
Thomas Tantrum are an indie pop band from Southampton, England.
Potatoes are first fermented underground by the repeated freeze-thaw cycles, and then milled and dried.
West Media Group is a media conglomerate and is located in Bashundhara Residential Area, Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Oost-Barendrecht is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland.
The five weeklies are The Hooksett Banner, The Bedford Bulletin, The Goffstown News, The Bow Times and the Salem Observer.
Forthcoming projects include a commentary in the Hermeneia series on 2 Corinthians.
After school and high school in Berlin, Elvers studied Latin and history at the Free University Berlin.
All are in service at CFB Esquimalt in British Columbia.
A lady's companion was a woman of genteel birth who lived with a woman of rank or wealth as retainer.
Today AFL Canberra acts as an umbrella to several competitions beneath it.
The Webber Independent is located five minutes from Milton Keynes City Center.
Oreodera charisoma is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Nemotelus is a subgenus of flies in the family Stratiomyidae.
He served as Governor of Madras from 1790 to 1794.
Blackstone River Valley National Historical Park is a National Park Service unit in the states of Rhode Island and Massachusetts.
The area lies on a sloping hill with a park in the valley.
This is particularly notable when the size and wealth of Scotland at the time are taken into account.
It was developed for the Apple II, Commodore 64, Atari 8-bit family, and the PC as a booter.
Colby is a semi-hard cow's milk cheese from the United States.
Singe is an administrative ward in the Babati Urban District of the Manyara Region of Tanzania.
The Toronto firm of Pearson and Darling served as architects.
TNCs say they provide "flexible and independent jobs" for drivers.
Wonderland is the second studio album by English pop rock band McFly.
The song was written by Domino and his longtime collaborator, Dave Bartholomew.
Kutonen (Sixth) is a Finnish general entertainment channel that replaced the music-video oriented The Voice TV in September 2012.
Most of the roads here are now tarred, ending the age old woes of the people residing here.
An example is the mutual escalation seen between e-mail spammers and the programmers of spam filters and other anti-spam techniques.
The album was released in 1988 by Japan's label DIW Records.
STS-61-F was a United States Space Shuttle mission planned to launch on 15 May 1986 using Challenger.
Sandy Point is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
He lived in Egypt for several years in the mid-1980s, making his home in the Cairo neighborhood of Shubra.
The CD album is exclusively available at Tower Records in Japan.
In many cases, scoring rubrics are used to delineate consistent criteria for grading.
The primary use cases are in quoting, estimating and billing translation work.
The missile system has also been further developed into a land-strike weapon, the Standoff Land Attack Missile (SLAM).
The musical premiered Off-Broadway in 1954 and then transferred to Broadway.
Gilded Balloon also operates outside the Fringe, including running monthly comedy nights in the studio of Edinburgh Festival Theater.
The tale follows a poor bootblack's rise to middle-class respectability in 19th-century New York City.
Warsow is a municipality in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Euronews is majority owned by Naguib Sawiris, an Egyptian businessman, who is chairman of its supervisory board.
Nityananda Palit, known as Nitai Palit (8 March 1923 - 26 July 1990) was a playwright, actor and director.
It is notable as the first of only two films produced by Film Costellazione.
The Mbwasa language is a Southern Bantoid language of Cameroon.
Some buildings were converted to other functions, but some others were razed for parking lots or freeways.
Self-Management is the process by which computer systems shall manage their own operation without human intervention.
He lived and worked for most of his life in Bhilwara town in Rajasthan state in India.
In 1997 he joined the faculty at Moore College as head of the Department of Missions.
It was released in the United States on September 10, 2007.
The Flight was formed at Darwin, Northern Territory on 23 December 1944 and was equipped with PBY Catalinas.
MacIsaacs Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality, Nova Scotia, Canada.
His work has been widely exhibited and is held in numerous museum collections.
The museum paid 2.5 million dollars, which was the new record for a Benton painting.
Isoperla richardsoni, the sterling stripetail, is a species of green-winged stonefly in the family Perlodidae.
Kirovo is a village in Almaty Region, in south-eastern Kazakhstan.
In February 2011 he assumed the position of Senior Advisor to the Private Sector Host Committee for APEC 2011.
The first of these, Lucas Place, dates from 1851 and no longer exists as such.
Cardiss played in the European Super League for Wigan Warriors, Halifax, and Warrington Wolves.
Their mission is to destroy as many of these enemy agents as possible, without putting any civilian life at risk.
It was established through the Institute for Resources, Environment, and Sustainability at the University of British Columbia.
Fucaria is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Skeneidae.
The targets were a convoy of civil guards who had just finished their shift guarding the nearby munitions factory.
They have two sensors on top of the traffic lights (PCD pedestrian crossing detector and PKD pedestrian kerb detector).
Segal, and its variants including Segel and some families with Siegel, is a primarily Jewish family name.
It was described from the Aral Sea in Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan.
The election comprises part of the 2018 U.S. Senate elections.
Security measures in areas under control of the Bosnian Serb party were strengthened.
Estrone sulfate (E1S) is an estrogen medication and naturally occurring steroid hormone.
All Cheerleaders Die is a 2013 American horror comedy film written and directed by Lucky McKee and Chris Sivertson.
Aculus truncatus is a species of mite which causes galls on the leaves of purple willow (Salix purpurea).
Amarillo Design Bureau is a company which specializes in tactical and strategic board wargames.
The goal of the GBU is to discuss Biblical texts and to make the Bible known in the academic world.
Bellevue Chapel is a church in Rodney Street in Canonmills, Edinburgh, Scotland.
It also controlled large bus and tram fleets, the profits from which subsidized the financially weaker railways.
The agencies work together to discuss issues of mutual interest and maintain professional standards of conduct.
Loeak's domain lies in the Ralik Chain and is shared with the iroijlaplap of Kwajalein, currently Imata Kabua.
It was first published in hardcover by Gnome Press in January 1955; it was reprinted in June 1971.
Soliloquy for Lilith is an album by Nurse with Wound, released in 1988.
Hemipenthes scylla is a species of bee flies in the family Bombyliidae.
Our great father says that "where we are now, our white brothers have always claimed the land."
The median preoptic nucleus has excitatory and inhibitory projections to many areas of the brain.
This marked the end of city-state freedom from Macedonian hegemony in Greece.
The general depths of the lagoon are from 23 to 27 fathoms.
Tetrastigma leucostaphylum is a flowering plant in the family Vitaceae that is found in Sri Lanka.
Bayne has coached players and teams that hold seven South Carolina State Records for the South Carolina High School League.
The town is bordered by the cities of Aurora and Centennial.
Hewlett-Packard made a large-screen fast vector monitor, which they called an X-Y display.
The first rebbe of Shpikov was Rabbi Menachem Nochum Twersky of Shpykiv.
She is the 2001 winner of the International Cosmos Prize.
This was retold in the form of a serialized manga, courtesy of Seta Noriyasu.
The fifth season of Designing Women premiered on CBS on September 17, 1990, and concluded on May 13, 1991.
Year 287 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar.
One Day Internationals (ODIs) have been hosted, where the first of which was in 1999 when England played Scotland.
Slipping Stitches is a hard rock/pop rock band from Helsinki, Finland.
She was officially nominated by the DOSB on January 23, 2014, but not taken with the team to Russia.
The Humber Gardens was a former ice arena in Corner Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador located at 137 O'Connell Drive.
In 2013, she was appointed to the board of directors for Vancouver Coastal Health Authority.
The five dioceses are: Buffalo-Pittsburgh, Central, Eastern, Western and Canada.
Jamii Bora, which means "good families" in Swahili, is a Nairobi, Kenya based microfinance organization.
It is on the A488 Shrewsbury to Bishop's Castle road.
This causes acidosis, osmotic shock, clumping of chromatin and nuclear pyknosis.
He had previously won a gold and two silvers in the 1990 Games.
The song was produced by The Neptunes and featured Neptunes member Pharrell performing the song's hook.
Abreeza Mall is a large shopping mall complex located at J.P. Laurel Avenue, Bajada in Davao City, Philippines.
The album was certified as platinum in the year 1997 by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
Terminalia hararensis is a species of plant in the Combretaceae family.
The traditional fantasy races and character classes were altered or omitted to better suit the setting's darker themes.
ACH Volley plays in the Slovenian League and MEVZA Cup.
Martha, Ruth & Edie is a Canadian drama film, released in 1988.
PY, Years 1, 2 and 3 are sometimes known as Infants.
Gaps are inserted between the residues so that identical or similar characters are aligned in successive columns.
Bhutan was one of only two countries to have a female-only team at the 2012 Games.
Papad has been a part of the Indian sub-continent for generations and is an intrisic part of everyday meals.
At 1,567 meters, it is the highest mountain between the Col de la Givrine and Mont Tendre.
Norman Love is an American pastry chef located in Fort Myers, Florida.
During the Olympic tournament's group phase, he scored a goal against Spain.
The suspects would include Paco Larranaga, who is not portrayed in the film.
The Beechcraft Premier I is a light business jet aircraft manufactured by the Beechcraft division of Hawker Beechcraft.
It is the first such channel in operation in the UK.
The San Fernando Valley Sun is a newspaper published in San Fernando, California near Los Angeles, California, USA.
Jamie Behar stated that the album was recorded in three weekends between November 2007 to February 2008.
The Harvard Law School Parody is an annual parody musical put on by students at Harvard Law School.
The mini album contains 5 tracks including the lead single "Confession".
Corporate Animals is an upcoming American horror comedy film, directed by Patrick Brice, from a screenplay by Sam Bain.
Her cartoons have been published in Ladies' Home Journal, Glamor, Cosmopolitan and Redbook.
Scotland updated its visual presentation style as part of the network BBC One revamp on 7 October 2006.
His characters tend to be average with some character flaw that draws the viewer in.
On July 25, 2012, ONN television announced it would be ceasing operations due to changing consumer habits, effective August 31.
There are 417 Councilors in total, ranging from 22 to 7 per council.
Charles A. Foster was an early member of the Latter Day Saint movement.
Prairie Township was established in 1818, and named for the prairie within its borders.
Historically this was done with serial transfer of ASCII data.
It also extended financial aid and scholarships to young people who wanted to study in Saudi Arabia and the West.
Well known species include the whitish H. crispa and the gray H. lacunosa.
Following the Contest, it was rewritten in English by Mike Sammes and Bill Owen for Cliff Richard to perform.
The song was released as the album's lead single on January 13, 2015 through Interscope Records.
It is an arcuate depression located in the southern reaches of Cyprus.
It was created in 1800 for Vice-Admiral the Honorable William Waldegrave.
He is one of the first three black astro-physicists in South Africa.
Mazerat-Aurouze is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
It connects the cities of Clinton, Iowa and Fulton, Illinois.
Sphingidites is an extinct genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, containing one species, Sphingidites weidneri.
A collection of data items for the same object at the same time forms an object instance (or table row).
On 23 January 2014, it was announced that Bluetongue would be phased out and discontinued as a brand.
The first issue, 58 pages thick, is dated September 2005.
It served as the primer show for the upcoming 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil.
Ellen Miles is also the author of the unauthorized Santa Paws series of books under the name Kris Edwards.
According to 2001 census the population of Marovato was 5,747.Primary and junior level secondary education are available in town.
It is usually accompanied by shamisen, taiko drums and other percussion, and the Japanese used has a southern Kumamoto accent.
Visulation is a portmanteau describing a coupled system where graphic visualization and computer simulation occur simultaneously.
They include an Inspector Banks novella and three Inspector Banks short stories.
Cynthia Bailey (born February 19, 1967) is an American model, reality television star and actress.
He has written on a variety of subjects, including social issues and popular culture, the environment, computer games and literature.
Its main activities are associated with English language teaching, examination preparation, teacher training, scholarships for teachers and cultural activities.
The album marks Copeland's first release on the record label, Tooth & Nail Records.
San Lio is a church located on the campo of the same name in the sestiere of Castello.
It is endemic to Hispaniola, where it is found extremely locally in the Cordillera Central.
The ISO code of the currency used by banks and financial institutions is CHF, although Fr.
He was subsequently appointed Minister for Lands and Physical Planning in O'Neill's post-election reshuffle.
Baxter Brook flows into the East Branch Delaware River by Harvard, New York.
The College of Agriculture, Lakhimpur Kheri is a government agriculture college in Lakhimpur Kheri, Uttar Pradesh, India.
It was built in 1796 and is the oldest surviving and only complete windmill in South Africa.
It is known only from a single skull discovered in Wyoming.
Brian Beaman (born May 16, 1984 in Mobridge, South Dakota) is an American sport shooter.
The team has been run and governed by the West Cricket Council for the Blind (WICCB).
Wismar was a manufacturer of railway vehicles from 1894 to 1947.
Hauturua is an extinct genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Drilliidae.
Ballet Nimba features traditional and contemporary West-African Dance and Music, with a strong presence in the Black Dance Sector.
Aphthonocosma plutarcha is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.
In antibody-based testing, the window period is dependent on the time taken for seroconversion.
Further experimental proof was provided by Manson who induced malaria in healthy human subjects from malaria-carrying mosquitoes.
The Macy's Men's & Home store opened as McCrory, before conversion to Kaufmann's Home Store.
Reece Deakin (born 12 December 1996) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays for Morecambe, as a forward.
Inside Ben's mind reality and fantasy mix into a nightmare set in mid-20th century New York City.
The initials stood for its founders, David Enthoven and John Gaydon.
Brigitte Berendonk (born 2 May 1942) is a German athlete.
In control theory, robust control is an approach to controller design that explicitly deals with uncertainty.
Some SoundBlaster cards were manufactured with a port to connect to the CD-ROM drive with this interface.
She studied sculpture and ceramics at the Akademy of Arts in Sofia.
The SCA's origins go back to 1859, when the Department of Antiquities was established.
The Oregon Institute was an American school located in the Willamette Valley of the Oregon Country during the 19th century.
They were purchased by the QRS company in 1926, and ceased operations in 1928.
I was the sultan of the Seljuk Empire from 1092 to 1094.
Kottam is a sacred grove in Kannur district, Kerala, India, situated at Mangattuparamba near Dharmasala.
It was later challenged by Celotex Corp. v. Catrett (1986), but the case was not officially overruled.
Lionel Bradford is the president of The Greening of Detroit.
He has been engaged in over 60 missions in Africa, Asia, Latin America, the Middle East and the Balkans.
Lathanga is a village in the state of Orissa, India with its postal Zip code 754140.
It lived during the Early Cretaceous, and its fossils were found in England.
Infant beds are a historically recent development intended to contain a child capable of standing.
The song that features vocals by Dutch singer and actor Janieck Devy, it topped the charts in over 10 countries.
It has international exchange programs with 19 universities in eight countries, exchanging students and trainees every year.
Wing Commander: Armada is a computer game set in the universe of Chris Roberts Wing Commander franchise.
2005 Menards IRL Infiniti Pro Series Season was the series' fourth.
The AudioTron can be configured via buttons on the front panel or remotely from a web browser.
It is still operating despite other hotels in Orr Street having been closed for a considerable amount of time.
Transglutaminase 6 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the TGM6 gene.
Dieppe-sous-Douaumont is a commune in the Meuse department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
The Comely Stakes at Aqueduct Racetrack in Queens, New York is named in her honor.
She currently works part-time at the Qanak Collective, a social project which supports Inuit empowerment initiatives.
Schalk has qualified to compete (along with partner Ben Saxton) at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
The defending Pan American Games champion is Kim Rhode of the United States.
It was released October 8, 2013, in the US by Cleopatra Records.
It is legal in certain states to have service "animals".
These transmission methods were not suited to Line or Inter-Register signaling.
He was then recruited by Claremont Football Club in the Western Australian Football League (WAFL).
He was a Fulbright Scholar, and is a member of the Organization of American Historians.
Cochylis typhilinea is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.
Ronald Lawrence Wilson (born May 28, 1955) is a Canadian-born American former professional ice hockey player and head coach.
It is also an autonomous institute of the Department of Biotechnology, Ministry of Science and Technology, Government of India.
A second-generation wrestler, Lloyd was initially trained by his father.
Elizabeth Rachael "Lizzie" Neave (born 12 June 1987 in Newcastle-under-Lyme) is a British slalom canoeist in women's kayak (K1W).
Each domain is able to bind proteins from many mammalian species, most notably IgGs.
Woodham Fen is an 8.1 hectare nature reserve in South Woodham Ferrers in Essex.
Series A is concerned primarily with structures, designs, and applications of combinatorics.
In 2016, the club merged with Hermes Ladies' Hockey Club.
South Asian University was established in 2010 by the eight governments of South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC).
Today, downtown Danbury is once again thriving due to a variety of factors.
Alder, who was born in Glasgow, was a foster child.
Coconut chutney is a Southern Indian chutney-side-dish and condiment, a common in the Indian subcontinent.
The French nationality law itself, strongly secular, forbids any statistics or lists based on ethnic or religious membership.
Persikota Tikep is an Indonesian football club based in Tikep city, Muna Island, Southeast Sulawesi.
Hawkey Baronetcy, of Woodford in the County of Essex, was a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom.
The clock tower also provided a working water fountain, but this no longer functions.
Graham Moore Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.
He is the grandson of Maurice Lippens (1875) and brother of Leopold Lippens, mayor of Knokke-Heist.
HERO cards were to be distributed free to all credit card holders and even those who preferred cash purchases.
Created in 2003 by writer Brian K. Vaughan and artist Adrian Alphona, the character debuted in Runaways vol.
RGS Springfield (Royal Grammar School Springfield) is a co-ed Junior School of RGS Worcester.
This is a partial list of people buried at St. Martin's Cathedral in Bratislava, Slovakia.
Mexborough is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster in South Yorkshire, England.
Vaughan was born in Middlesex and educated at Peterhouse, Cambridge.
Bethel Township is an inactive township in Shelby County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Pilgrim's Progress bridge is found south of School House Lane, after Miller Road turns from east to south.
This species is native to Panama, Nicaragua, Colombia, Peru, Bolivia, Costa Rica, Venezuela and Ecuador.
William Allen Edwards (born August 28, 1971) is an American retired professional basketball player.
The episode revolves around Peter befriending a Muslim named Mahmoud after getting injured in a skydiving accident.
The Lewis and Clark Exposition of 1905 and the Jamestown Exposition of 1907 included wooden postcard souvenirs.
The primary liturgical rite used by various denominations within the greater Liberal Catholic movement.
It was this line-up that recorded the rest of the tracks featured on Learning to Crawl.
Other notable musicians are ex-King Crimson drummer Michael Giles, and Steve Nye and Simon Jeffes of the Penguin Cafe Orchestra.
Clyde Boats was a small, privately owned, custom boat company located in Detroit, Michigan.
Former keyboardist Charly Coombes appears on track "96 to 4".
A member of the National Assembly of Madagascar, he was elected as an independent; he represents the constituency of Maintirano.
They were exploiting Pliocene gravel, hence the meteorite may have fallen at that time.
Cerautola legeri, the St. Leger's epitola, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
The following is a list of the communes of Emilia-Romagna, in Italy.
May Vary is the fourth studio album by the American rap rock band Limp Bizkit.
Several Christian holidays traditionally falling on working days or on fixed dates have been moved to Saturdays and Sundays.
It was based in a house in Burton Crescent, and members worked near King's Cross.
It is within the Armagh, Banbridge and Craigavon local government area.
The name comes from the Sayan region where it lives.
Demolition of the Metcalf South Mall (except for Sears) began on April 21, 2017.
Following his consulate, Oppius Sabinus acceded to governor of the imperial province of Moesia.
Tseshinang is a town in Wangdue Phodrang District in central Bhutan.
It is metabolized once inside the body to form the barbiturate proxibarbital (proxibarbal) and is thus a prodrug.
A key feature of a road safety audit is the use of a team of professionals with varied expertise.
An example of a program using protoflight methods is the Mars Orbiter Laser Altimeter project.
Sebaceous lymphadenoma is a benign tumor of the salivary gland.
Eurostat data is provided on cities in the EU, its candidate countries and EFTA countries.
Wanted was certified double platinum in the UK in September 1989, for sales exceeding 600,000 copies.
It premiered and first aired on CBS on October 28, 1991.
He competed at two consecutive Summer Olympics starting in 2000.
The End of an Epoch is a book written by anthropologist Irawati Karve.
Based on its mass of 1.68 solar, it was an A-type star when it was a main-sequence.
Vexillum sumatranum is a species of small sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae, the ribbed miters.
The Economic Times has described the company as instrumental in building world-class structures.
Stanwyck's portrayal of Dietrichson is considered one of the best Femme fatale roles in Film noir history.
On the Alpine frontier, there was little change, with the French invasion of Piedmont failing.
It was made by the French subsidiary of Paramount Pictures at Joinville Studios near Paris.
Natagora's victory was the first in the race for her owner, trainer and jockey.
Like most Eristalini, Myathropa are rather variable in size, shape and color.
Bongo flava is the nickname for East African hip hop music.
The label was distributed by Polydor for part of its existence.
Casey McKinnon is a Canadian actress and producer from Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
One species (C. angustifolia) is naturalized in northern California, southern Oregon (Josephine County), and Idaho (Clearwater County).
Another publication called Love Story Magazine was published by Popular Publications from 1952 to 1954.
It is on the North Warwickshire Line between Birmingham and Stratford-upon-Avon.
The 2015 European Beach Handball Championship was held in Lloret de Mar, Spain from 30 June to 5 July 2015.
That same month, he starred as Steve in the episode "Roy Runs Away" of CBS's The Betty Hutton Show.
Much of it was shot at Big Bear Lake in southern California.
Choirboys perform their all time classics in front of an adoring crowd live from Melbourne.
The W902 also features a series of buttons down the side so that control of music is easily accessible.
In all, he finished top-five in the league scoring race nine times.
The Rider Painter was a Laconian vase painter active between 560 and 530 BC.
It is north of Winnipeg, accessible from Highway 7, in the Rural Municipality of Bifrost.
Jim Sturgess's character, Ben Campbell, refers to Jeffrey as, "my brother from another mother."
Warren Harding would become president on Friday, March 4, 1921.
Marcus Sakey is an American author and host to the Travel Channel show Hidden City.
GMT is a news program airing weekdays on BBC World News, which premiered on 1 February 2010.
They are now abolished, although in Northern Ireland their former areas are used as the basis for lieutenancy.
It also had a newcomer in the 2010 set-up, namely Jolien Mory.
In recent years he has shared a car with his son Scott.
Frank Walter Mussell was born on 31 May 1932 in Salisbury (now Harare) in Southern Rhodesia.
He grew up in Moore, Oklahoma, where he played high school baseball.
She also contributed short stories and biographical sketches to various periodicals, and was a frequent contributor to missionary literature.
Ronnie Cameron (born August 15, 1989) is a former American football defensive end.
It is a high-altitude butterfly found in Albania, former Yugoslavia, Bulgaria, Greece, and Romania.
Jimmy Stevens (born 5 August 1942) was an English singer-songwriter and musician.
A total number of 616,043 voters were registered, of which 84.7% voters turned out to vote.
The film stars Shivrajkumar and Surveen Chawla in the lead roles.
If a student is struggling, teachers are more than available to help them and get them on track.
Naval Co-operation and Guidance for Shipping (NCAGS) is a naval doctrinal term.
She moved to Portland in 1961.She pioneered performance auditing in Portland and Multnomah County.
Honeyman: Live 1973 is a live album by rock artist Tim Buckley.
Very stony sandy loam is the most common soil texture reported.
Reruns shown on HLN were initially retitled Mystery Detectives before settling on the main title of the show in 2014.
Palmer was a member of the silver medal-winning U.S. squad at the World Under-18 Championship in 2004.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, arable land, plantations, rural gardens, and urban areas.
It is a carefully limited and standardized subset of English.
The main library is one of New Jersey's Carnegie libraries.
Gage Reinhart is a fictional character appearing in publications by Image Comics.
The game features the same puzzle-platforming gameplay mechanics as Trouble on Blobolonia.
Those who did not comply with the law had been required to pay a fee.
Diligent was listed on the New Zealand NZX main board stock exchange under ticker code DIL.
He finished 29th in the individual event of the FIS Ski-Flying World Championships 2000 in Vikersund.
The Delhi Town Hall is located just to the north of this site.
The Aphilliates Music Group signed a joint venture deal with Asylum Records in 2006.
The stop is located adjacent to the City of Manchester Stadium (also known as the Etihad Stadium).
He pitched all or part of ten seasons in the majors.
Moscadello di Montalcino is a white Italian wine from the Tuscan wine village of Montalcino.
The game received average reviews with most critics focusing towards the graphics and gameplay.
Commotria phoenicias is a species of snout moth in the genus Commotria.
A fourth studio album, Inside Job, was released on May 23, 2000, via Warner Bros. Records.
In 1665 he was created Viscount Charlemont in the Peerage of Ireland.
The women's 1.5 kilometer sprint classic competition of the 2018 Winter Paralympics was held at Alpensia Biathlon Center in Pyeongchang.
IBM Lotus Notes, developed originally by Lotus Corporation, is considered one of the first commercially successful group collaboration tools.
Providence Hospital Heliport (FAA LID: 0OR0) is a private heliport located east of Medford in Jackson County, Oregon, United States.
Those wishing to attend a Saturday night show will usually find ample seating.
Vijay Sales was started as a small TV showroom at Mahim by Nanu Gupta in 1967.
Palmers Green United Reformed Church is a united reformed church in Fox Lane, Palmers Green, north London.
This school teaches up to Secondary Level i.e. grade ten.
Imilac is a pallasite meteorite found in the Atacama Desert of Northern Chile in 1822.
Liaquat Ahamed (born November 14, 1952 in Kenya) is an Indian American author.
This event is described in detail in the book Il Miracolo by Vittorio Messori.
As a biomarker, the amount of Tumor M2-PK in stool and EDTA-plasma reflects the specific metabolic status of the tumors.
It was established at Air Force Station Palam on 2 April 1962.
The population was 15,038 at the 2010 census making it the 48th largest city in Indiana.
The men's javelin throw event at the 2003 Asian Athletics Championships was held in Manila, Philippines on September 22.
More recently, he has been exploring English language spoken word fused with his signature Arab percussion and electronic remixes.
The date of its composition is unknown and it was probably unperformed during Rameau's lifetime.
Since the last boundary changes in 2002, 48 councilors have been elected from 23 wards.
The school closed in 1956, becoming a community center for the town.
The Prelude to A Tell Tale Heart is the first, full-length studio mixtape released by Dawn Richard.
Anne Nature Reserve is a nature reserve situated in the city of Tartu, Estonia.
Vanderpump Rules was renewed for a third season in April 2014.
It was awarded in recognition of the services of Armed Forces personnel and civilians in Operation Parakram.
Perkins was born without hands or feet and first learned to swim when he was 12 years old.
The 428th Fighter Squadron is part of the 366th Fighter Wing at Mountain Home Air Force Base, Idaho.
The 1280s BC is a decade which lasted from 1289 BC to 1280 BC.
Tontogany (YTB-821) was a United States Navy Natick-class large harbor tug named for Tontogany, Ohio.
It is native to the United States, where it can be found along the Atlantic and Gulf Coasts.
Thoridae is a family of cleaner shrimp, also known as broken-back shrimp or anemone shrimp.
The province of Abra has 303 barangays comprising its 27 municipalities.
R. J. Haxby and William D. Gillespie were the partners.
The 1901 festival was held in May to coincide with a visit by President William McKinley.
Reynoldsburg holds some of the largest high school enrollment numbers in Central Ohio.
It was listed on the London Stock Exchange until it was acquired by Terra Firma Capital Partners in December 2015.
General elections were held in Samoa on 5 April 1991.
It is found in Indonesia (Java) and Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland.
He retired in March 2011, and on 1 June 2011 was appointed as Special Advisor to the Prime Minister.
Fistularioides is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.
Its Avenger II name was taken from the Grumman TBF Avenger of World War II.
The inflorescence is made up of spreading spikelets, the upper ones erect and the lower ones nodding or drooping.
Edward Cornell (born 1944) was an early associate of Joseph Papp at the New York Shakespeare Festival.
It includes many "sub-communities" working on particular scientific fields, and within particular institutions; interdisciplinary and cross-institutional activities are also significant.
Shehzana Anwar (born 21 August 1989 in Nairobi) is a female Kenyan recurve archer.
As of November 2011, the album had sold 358,943 in the UK.
A proposed development between the Journal Square Transportation Center,and neighborhood called Journal Squared would include the city's tallest residential buildings.
In 2008, Welch graduated and signed with Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois.
Business days are commonly used by couriers when determining the arrival date of a package.
Mary Price Walls was the first black applicant to Missouri State University.
Karamea Aerodrome serves the town of Karamea, in the South Island of New Zealand.
His .601 winning percentage is also the highest of any Orioles manager.
The play won the 2006 Tony Award Special Tony Award.
Initial CD copies were sold in a glow-in-the-dark, encapsulated CD case.
The Forging of a Nation is based on the biography by James Thomas Flexner.
As of 2014, over 90% of U.S. public libraries offer ebook lending.
This includes administration of government programs, such as Ontario's Drive Clean and Clean Water Act.
It runs from the Grosvenor House Hotel off Park Lane to the Embassy of the United States off Grosvenor Square.
The ASP also played a role in making FILE ID.DIZ files a de facto standard.
Walsh's daughter, Evalyn Walsh McLean, later purchased the Hope Diamond.
It denies the existence of actual changes that have hurt the peasants.
Amenhotep I, the pharaoh who built Karnak, was often depicted among these gods.
Barbara Kay Roberts (born December 21, 1936) is an American politician from the state of Oregon.
Zedekiah Johnson Purnell (born 1813) was an African-American activist, businessman, and editor of the literary journal The Demosthenian Shield.
Her memorable hits include "Chanjadi Adi" from Makalkku, "Thumbikkinnaram" from Naran and "Pularumo" from Ritu.
Hippeastrum aviflorum is a flowering perennial herbaceous bulbous plant, in the Amaryllidaceae family, found in Argentina.
Its mission is "to enhance opportunities for all Canadians to participate and excel in sport."
They also build tubes that can be up to one meter deep.
She was acquired by the United States Navy on 1 May 1917, and commissioned on 6 May 1917.
During this period, he was again recognized for his outstanding trial skills.
Carinodrillia mamona is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
It is moved from cache to cache, with a unique tracking number allowing its movements to be tracked online (www.geocaching.com).
Streblus sclerophyllus is a species of plant in the family Moraceae.
The Triumph Dolomite is a car that was produced by Triumph Motor Company from 1934 to 1940.
Taniela Moa (born 11 March 1985) is a Rugby union player.
The 56th Virginia completed its organization in September 1861, with men from Louisa, Mecklenburg, Buckingham, Nelson and Charlotte counties.
Best (typeset as DRIVE ~GLAY complete BEST~) is the second "greatest hits" album by Japanese pop/rock band Glay.
Monte Santa Croce is a mountain in Liguria, northern Italy, part of the Ligurian Appennines.
The New York Stock Exchange closed for two consecutive days.
It was founded in 1866, and destroyed by a fire in 1871.
Fondi '91 is a 2013 feature film set in Fondi, Italy, directed by Dev Khanna and starring Raymond Ablack.
The El Reno Municipal Swimming Pool Bath House is a bath house in El Reno, Oklahoma.
Antonio Paganin (born 18 June 1966 in Vicenza) is a retired Italian professional football player, who played as a defender.
Due to bad weather, a rescue crew was only able to reach the site 8 days later.
Pterolophia biarcuatoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
The most common method is executed simply by turning the right wrist upward sharply at a 90-degree angle.
Marek Matuszewski (born August 14, 1959 in Zgierz) is a Polish politician.
Los Doctores las prefieren desnudas is a 1973 Argentine film.
It is published by Taylor & Francis and was established in 1969.
Multi-Frequency receivers have been present in US telephony at least since the late 1940s.
The label is known for releasing music by notable artists in reggae, dancehall and soca.
Renate Magdeleen du Plessis (born 14 July 1981) is a South African former competitive swimmer who specialized in butterfly events.
It is threatened by habitat loss and the fungal disease chytridiomycosis.
The 15th Missouri Volunteer Infantry was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Nicotinamide riboside was identified as a form of vitamin B3 in 2004.
Since the 2014 season, the Bobcats have competed as a member of the Sun Belt Conference.
The mine site became a superfund site and was cleaned up in the 1990s.
Your Slippers is the debut album by Athenian pop/electronica band Astyplaz.
He is the younger brother of popular Indian film director and producer Puri Jagannadh.
The Shobuj Bangla class is a class of inshore patrol vessel (IPV) of the Bangladesh Coast Guard.
The Latvia Rugby League is the governing body for the sport of rugby league football in Latvia.
Sombrerillito Creek was dammed in northwest Laredo to form Sombrerillito Creek Lake, the third largest lake in Laredo.
Joseph "Joey" Travolta (born October 14, 1950) is an American actor, producer, director, and screenwriter.
Israel thus won by forfeit, and advanced to the 2007 Fed Cup World Group II.
Mongolian Chop Squad is an anime series adapted from the manga of the same title by Harold Sakuishi.
Coverage will be telecast by Fox (over-the-air) and Fox Sports 1 (cable).
Psorothamnus arborescens is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Mojave indigo bush.
Columbus Stockade Blues is a 1970 compilation album by country singer Willie Nelson.
Desmoglein-2 is localized to desmosome structures at regions of cell-cell contact and functions to structurally adhere adjacent cells together.
San Pedro's inhabitants are known as San Pedranos and most of them originally came from Mexico.
Amy Webster (born March 3, 1969) is a former American ice dancer.
Although officials have tried to control the blast fishing, it is still used in impoverished pockets in the world.
This is an episode summary of British TV comedy show The Morecambe & Wise Show, starring Morecambe and Wise.
Publications produced by the Clearinghouse are carefully reviewed by both NIDDK scientists and outside experts.
When those fragments are exposed to water, they grow very large and tall.
It was the inspiration for the director Jean-Jacques Annaud's 1988 film L'Ours, known in North America as The Bear.
He was born in Gaalkacyo in the Mudug region of Somalia.
She holds the United States record in the snatch, clean & jerk, and total.
Chalcangium longipenne is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Chalcangium.
Conservation psychologists use their abilities in "greening" psychology and make society ecologically sustainable.
Zeuctophlebia tapinodes is a species of moth of the family Geometridae.
Ringo is a two-player abstract strategy board game possibly from Germany.
This is a list of the butterflies of family Papilionidae, or the "swallowtails", which are found in Sri Lanka.
In the episode, Marge gets her kitchen remodeled and the dishes she makes inside it get rave reviews.
Mehna is a municipality in the district Altenburger Land, in Thuringia, Germany.
It was won by the 5/1 co favorite, Discount, ridden by John Crickmere.
The star cast includes Nirmiti Sawant, Purnima Ahire, Anant Chauhan, Purshottam Berde, Manohar Gaikwad.
Test players Imran Khan of Pakistan and Kevin Pietersen of England have also played for the club.
In geometry, a vertex arrangement is a set of points in space described by their relative positions.
Gale Katchur is a Canadian politician and current mayor of Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta.
The World Aircraft Spirit is a Colombian/American amateur-built aircraft, designed by Max Tedesco and produced by World Aircraft Company.
Since 1979, the Hartford, New Haven and Stamford divisions of CTtransit have been operated by First Transit.
Mystacides is a genus of long-horned caddisflies in the family Leptoceridae.
Clive Barker designed a second series of these figures in 2002, and they were also released by Todd McFarlane.
It was formerly considered a separate genus, but reclassified following a major revision by Frost et al.
The show only lasted the first season with six episodes broadcast, and ended on 31 January 2009.
Mark Mullins is a Canadian economist and a former executive director of the Fraser Institute.
It is found in south-eastern Asia from China and India to Indochina.
He later returned to Rochester and took a position at the University of Rochester's Memorial Art Gallery directing educational programs.
Construction work was handled by GVK Jaipur Expressway Private Limited (GJEPL) under the build-operate-transfer model.
Lane's End Farm is a Thoroughbred horse breeding farm in Versailles, Kentucky established in 1979.
Adrian Shaw (born 17 February 1972) is a first-class and List A cricketer who played for Glamorgan.
It is the main settlement of the community of Llanbadarn Fawr, which had a population of 701 in 2011.
It is the home Oshawa Legion Minor Baseball, Durham College Lords, and formerly the Oshawa Dodgers.
In May 2013, the venue received a donation of $250,000 from the Brook Family Foundation.
Despite their small population, the vast majority of Southeast Asian billionaires of them are of Chinese descent.
The single peaked at first place fourteen consecutive weeks on the Italian hit parade between November 1978 and February 1979.
The AHAR is a broader report which is submitted at the CoC level and aggregated at a national level.
KGHM (1340 AM) is a radio station located in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
He was the principal bassist for the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra.
Blackbird Township is one of eleven townships in Thurston County, Nebraska, United States.
It marked the return of electric guitars to the band's music after several years of absence.
The film is also known as Louisiana Hussey (American alternative spelling).
Goodtimes was first elected to the San Miguel County Board of Commissioners in 1996 as a Democrat.
It lies on the Ohio River, located below Little Hocking and above Reedsville.
Cameroon is a one party dominant state with the Cameroon People's Democratic Movement in power.
The term "mogul" is from the Bavarian/Austrian German word Mugel, meaning "mound, hillock".
For garage-based bus operator staff they are contacted via the telephone or by email.
Downloadable content for the game was released, including new characters and storylines.
The dark green, oppositely arranged leaves generally have smooth edges, except for var.
They had previously been charged in Alabama with securities fraud.
The Gladstone Professorship of Government is located at All Souls College at the University of Oxford.
James Raymond Simpson (born November 21, 1975) is an American actor.
Rita Mills was a singer from the Torres Strait Islands.
In 2007 he starred as Will in Channel 4's Shameless.
It is not uncommon for people to marry after having been in a relationship together for years, even decades.
It is native to the arid regions of Southern Africa, such as the Kalahari Desert.
Arichanna is a genus of moths in the family Geometridae.
Locust Hill is a historic home and farm complex located near Hurt, Pittsylvania County, Virginia.
The reserve is the site of the now-defunct Poonindie mission.
Vergence in a non-geological context means rotation (e.g., convergence means rotation toward, and divergence means rotation away).
South Saxons Hockey Club is a field hockey club based in Hastings, England.
He won gold medal with the Swiss team at the 2013 European Curling Championships in Stavanger.
It is on Saint-Laurent Boulevard and, as such, it follows different by-laws than parks.
Hazards can be classified as different types in several ways.
His latest invention is a machine that revolutionized the field of agriculture.
He is the James Dinan and Elizabeth Miller Professor of Business Administration at Harvard Business School.
FKAB designs all types of commercial ships and boats from pilot boats to 174 000 dwt bulk carriers.
Cajuata Municipality is the third municipal section of the Inquisivi Province in the La Paz Department, Bolivia.
The tournament was held from April 6 to April 13.
Cillik is a village in the municipality of Qazma in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Crotalocephalus is a genus of trilobites that lived from the Late Silurian to the Early Devonian.
Thirty-four horses ran and all but one returned safely to the stables.
The second is "The Haunting," which appears on the compilation album Lost Songs, released on November 20, 2007.
It is found in the eastern United States and parts of Canada.
Fortaleza is a coastal city in northeastern Brazil, and the capital of Ceara province.
This can be repeated at different depths as each sample goes to a different chamber of the insulated bottle.
Enteromius collarti is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Enteromius which is only found in Angola.
Square capitals were greatly respected by artisans of the Renaissance such as Geoffroy Tory and Felice Feliciano.
Combretum caffrum is the Eastern Cape South African bushwillow tree.
Lalubhai Babubhai Patel (born 31 August 1955) is an Indian politician, belonging to Bharatiya Janata Party.
The episode is centered on Sun-Hwa Kwon and Jin-Soo Kwon.
He was the only Muslim candidate fielded by the Indian National Congress in Raichur district in the 2008 election.
It was discovered on 21 April 1939, by South African astronomer Cyril Jackson at the Union Observatory in Johannesburg.
It was based on the 1920 novel Ariane, jeune fille russe by Claude Anet.
Alexis marries three additional times, to Cecil Colby, Dex Dexter, and Sean Rowan.
It was founded in 1999, when the women's football section split from FK Jerv.
Alleman Catholic High School is a private, Roman Catholic high school in Rock Island, Illinois.
The R940 road is a short regional road in Ireland, located in Letterkenny, County Donegal.
Waters thought of MacKenzie as one of his most trusted friends.
Krambach is a village in New South Wales, Australia in Mid-Coast Council.
Work began in March 1910 and was completed over the summer.
Many of the label's releases are considered highly collectible today.
He was an active member of the Nova Scotia Teachers Union, serving as president of the Halifax Local.
Ann Haesebrouck (born 18 October 1963 in Bruges, Belgium) is a rower from Belgium.
This method is not used in bands, since it is relatively quiet and produces only a single pitch.
Hillingdon Civic Center is the headquarters of the London Borough of Hillingdon, located in Uxbridge.
He currently resides and teaches in the Seminary of Qom, Iran.
The Africa Zone was the unique zone within Group 3 of the regional Davis Cup competition in 2018.
He played for FC Basel for very nearly his entire career.
Suva Grammar has a school population of approximately 1300 students.
Ilkka Talvi (born 22 October 1948) is a Finnish violinist and author of the blog Of Music and Men.
In 2017 it was bought by AMC Theaters and merged into Odeon Cinemas Group.
Paleontologists have sporadically contributed to the field, focusing on non-avian dinosaurs and Cenozoic mammals.
Found in Zaire, it was described as new to science in the year 1979.
Its specific name refers Quebrada de Jaspe, its type locality.
Ngada Regency is one of the regencies which divide the island of Flores, East Nusa Tenggara Province, Indonesia.
Town and country planning in the United Kingdom is the part of English land law which concerns land use planning.
Most recently, Sivakumar was named the $20,000 individual winner of the 2016 Siemens Competition National Finals.
He was known for promoting x-ray to eliminate "excessive hair" to achieve "faultless skin" that would be white and hairless.
The Directive obligates member states to meet targets for the recovery and recycling of packaging waste.
Rajura is a city and municipal council in the Chandrapur district of the Indian state of Maharashtra.
The Mears Newz (earlier known as The Mears News) was a twentieth-century newspaper published in Mears, Michigan.
To the Bone is a 1994 album by The Kinks.
A right-arm offbreak bowler, Hussain has taken over 500 wickets in a career which began in 1990/91.
Memphis Independent School District is a public school district based in Memphis, Texas (USA).
The Cibarci were an ancient Gallaecian Celtic tribe, living in the north-east of modern Galicia, in the Ribadeo's county.
Silver Star is a comic book created, written, and drawn by Jack Kirby, originally published by Pacific Comics in 1983.
Mallig, officially the Municipality of Mallig, is a 4th class municipality in the province of Isabela, Philippines.
Hemicycla modesta is a species of gastropod in the family Helicidae.
Jackson Township is one of twelve townships in Huntington County, Indiana, United States.
There were branches to Framlingham, Snape Bridge and in 1860 to Aldeburgh.
In early 2013, Vaura was signed to Profound Lore Records.
Stephanie De Groof (born 29 May 1991) is a Belgian field hockey player.
Madalline is an unincorporated community in Union Township, Parke County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
The play was shown at the Churchill Theater in Bromley, South London in October 2010.
The race was won by Vito Taccone of the Atala team.
It was released in 1983 as the third single from her self-titled album.
He is the widowed owner of a farm in Georgia and has previous experience in the veterinary fields.
The Toltec fruit-eating bat (Dermanura tolteca) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae.
Eleutherocentrus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
Lyle Leong (born August 23, 1987) is a former professional gridiron football wide receiver.
The concept of "feature" is related to that of explanatory variable used in statistical techniques such as linear regression.
The film stars Susan Hayward and Dean Martin, with Wilfrid Hyde-White, Ralph Meeker, and Martin Balsam.
Lee Young-jin (born 27 October 1963) is a South Korea football manager and former player.
He has also played for the Minnesota Swarm, Rochester Knighthawks, Chicago Shamrox, and Albany Attack during his career.
Accident of Birth is a heavy metal album released in 1997 by Bruce Dickinson.
It is partly within the Scott National Park, which is named after the river.
Air Vanuatu is an airline with its head office in the Air Vanuatu House, Port Vila, Vanuatu.
The film was released by Warner Bros. on June 6, 1942.
This is evident with royals, politicians and the elite gaining loyalty through hosting feasts or performing rituals.
The village has two principal streets, Queens Road (the main road running through the village) and Kings Street.
Eleanor James (born 18 April 1986 in Shrewsbury, Shropshire) is an English actress.
Currently based in San Francisco, much of Hido's work involves photographs of urban and suburban housing across the U.S..
This gene encodes a member of the 'regulator of G protein signaling' (RGS) gene family.
EKX 648T also went to Brighton, but was scrapped in 1988 after a collision with a tree.
The 1942 Maine gubernatorial election took place on September 14, 1942.
The series was produced by HIT Entertainment in the United Kingdom.
Ohio State's head coach, John Cooper, was fired following the game.
He resided in the USA for a number of years, returning to live in Australia in 2018.
In 2004, The Fox featured in the film of J.K. Rowling's novel Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Currently, the cathedral is considered both a religious and civic landmark.
The Parafaith War (1996) is a science fiction novel by American writer L. E. Modesitt, Jr..
Real Good Time is the ninth studio album by American country music artist Aaron Watson.
Star Box is a compilation album by X Japan, released on January 30, 1999.
Amara erratica is a species of seed-eating ground beetle in the family Carabidae.
The year 1831 in science and technology involved some significant events, listed below.
Narcissus moleroi is a species of the genus Narcissus (Daffodils) in the family Amaryllidaceae.
It only services float planes and its "runway", is the river.
The municipality was established on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Thaon-les-Vosges, Girmont and Oncourt.
Beuvraignes is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
It was built in 1892, stands three stories high, and has a total of 25 rooms.
In 1988, LeBow used the company as a platform for an unsuccessful attempted hostile takeover of much larger Prime Computer.
Mikia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
RU Andromedae is a variable star in the constellation of Andromeda.
INT 10h is fairly slow, so many programs bypass this BIOS routine and access the display hardware directly.
The film was billed as the first original musical written for television since Rodgers and Hammerstein's Cinderella in 1957.
A type Ia sensory fiber, or a primary afferent fiber is a type of afferent nerve fiber.
Ambulyx clavata is a species of moth of the family Sphingidae.
One of Wightman's most notable achievements is the development of the ultramicroelectrode and microelectrode voltammetry.
She won her first art prize at ten years old.
In July 2014 Taione was dumped as a Democratic Party candidate.
It covers the history of law enforcement in early Prince Albert and Saskatchewan.
It has its HQ in Mumbai, Maharashtra and is commanded by Vice Admiral Girish Luhtra .
A shift in administrative borders in 1913 made comparison of various periods more complicated.
Football in Czechoslovakia was one of the most popular sports.
Ovalau is an island in Tonga, it is located within the Vava'u Group in the far north of the country.
The elevation at the tri-state marker is 1,990 feet (607 m).
It was released on October 21, 2008, following Dennen's tour of Australia.
Audun Skorgen (born 26 February 1967) is a Norwegian jazz musician (upright bass and bass guitar).
Burlington, also known as Mount Olive, is an unincorporated community located in Elmore County, Alabama, United States.
CANARM is an association that prioritizes education, training and spreading awareness for those entering the rainwater harvesting industry.
Two subspecies are recognized, including the nominate subspecies described here.
Ninja Gaiden was followed by Ninja Gaiden 2 (2008) and Ninja Gaiden 3 (2012).
The Chumhill railway accident occurred 26 February 1913 in England, killing two.
Classic Texas films are also honored, with a member of the cast or crew accepting on behalf of his colleagues.
It was built in 1931 in the Craftsman style by Thomas Langston.
The type locality for this species is Suruga Bay, Japan.
Year 1381 (MCCCLXXXI) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.
Harrison Spring is the largest spring in the U.S. state of Indiana.
Pakubuwono is a residential complex of 11 skyscrapers at Kebayoran Baru in South Jakarta, Indonesia.
He received printed instructions for his conduct with his deputation.
Smerinthulus myanmarensis is a species of moth of the family Sphingidae.
Armoudian is of Armenian American descent and is the host and producer of the Scholars' Circle.
Pintendre Aerodrome (TC LID: CPT9), is located adjacent to Pintendre, Quebec, Canada.
Amarsham is a 1978 Indian Malayalam film, directed by IV Sasi and produced by A Raghunath.
Pairs are often seen as they forage for insects by making flycatcher-like sallies and calling aloud.
Dominique Longo (born 12 January 1983) is a Swiss football defender, who currently plays for FC Frauenfeld.
The islands are divided by canals which open into the bay.
It is located approximately 2 miles south of the town of Stanford-le-Hope in what is now Thurrock unitary authority.
The men's coxed four competition at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London took place at Henley-on-Thames, London.
It is only known from the type series of three specimens collected in 1956.
The work is marked allegro and is in an ABA form.
Its B-side, "Maybe the Last Time", was his last studio recording with the Famous Flames.
Tonight is the 1963 first and only album by the short-lived comedy duo of Jack Burns and George Carlin.
They are originally from Indiana, but now live in Atlanta, Georgia.
Erected in 1947 by his old comrades of 1916 - 1920.
Ibrahim's concentration has been on numismatics, specifically on Indo-Greek Kingdom coinage in Sindh and Balochistan.
The overall effect of the election was a shift of the Auckland Council to the right.
Until now, eight different games of the series have been released.
It is the sum of strikeouts and walks divided by innings pitched.
Kumbabum is a village in Bhamo Township in Bhamo District in the Kachin State of north-eastern Burma.
She has played 191 international matches for the Dutch national team, where she has scored 30 times.
For radio airplay, the song had to be expanded lyrically and musically.
Inflatable Rescue Boats (IRBs) are rubber boats with an outboard motor used in surf lifesaving.
The school is located on Kaigler Road in Georgetown off of U.S. Hwy.
Minturn particularly praised Robbie Robertson's guitar playing and Garth Hudson's organ.
As of 4 March 2016 the project is back on the agenda as announced by the club.
Hope and Adams is the second full-length album by Wheat.
The Supernaturalist is a science fiction novel by Irish author Eoin Colfer.
Fire retardants are available as powder, to be mixed with water, as fire-fighting foams and fire-retardant gels.
Tuiaki has a bachelor's degree in English and physical education from SUU (2006).
It is located on the university's Canterbury campus and was established in 1966.
The company moved towards escapist fiction for women in the 1930s.
Radulov (born August 30, 1989 in Odessa) is a Ukrainian male freestyle wrestler.
The station broadcasts with a power of 3,000 Watts and is known as "KC105" to listeners.
Moos Tower is a building on the University of Minnesota campus in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Mark Stoops is a Democratic member of the Indiana Senate, representing the 40th District since 2012.
The inflorescence is up to 35 centimeters long and has a long bract which is longer than the spikes.
Callictita cyara is a species of butterfly of the family Lycaenidae.
The newspaper changed its name to the Seguin Gazette in 2011.
She was converted to a bomb vessel in 1798 and participated in the Battle of Copenhagen.
The community has one site listed on the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage, the Chunchula School.
The Albanian swimming federation is a member of the European Swimming League (LEN) and the International Swimming Federation (FINA).
It focuses on indigenous Quechua children from the Andes of Peru, who teach local skills.
The library branches house over 600 computers for public usage.
Indio Rico is a small town in southern Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, located in the district of Coronel Pringles.
Dating to the 1920s, the neighborhood forms the gateway to Mill Mountain from the city.
Prairie Township is one of twenty-one townships in LaPorte County, Indiana.
Margery Eloise Kummer (June 17, 1916 - August 24, 2008) was an actress in old-time radio.
Gregorious College of Engineering, Devalokam is a college in Perla, Kasaragod District, India.
The Fire Meets the Fury Tour is a 1989 concert tour by Stevie Ray Vaughan and Jeff Beck.
Some authorities regard Schistura fowleriana as a synonym of this species.
Downtown Guelph is the heart of the city of Guelph, Ontario.
Barwick is an unincorporated community and coal town in Breathitt County, Kentucky, United States.
The bank has a gross business size of around Rs.
Some computer programs only read their configuration files at startup.
The 1905 Normanton by-election was held on 27 November 1905 after the incumbent Liberal-Labor MP William Parrott died.
In large fires (particularly forest fires) the rescue services also use civilians and the Finnish military.
The ribbon responds to changes in voltage or resistance caused by changing the finger position along its surface.
Dabou Department is a department of Grands-Ponts Region in Lagunes District, Ivory Coast.
Horkelia tridentata is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name threetooth horkelia.
Acropogon domatifer is a species of flowering plant in the Malvaceae family.
Edited and with appendix and notes by his granddaughter Nora Barlow.
It is found in Liberia, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Nigeria, Cameroon, Angola, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia.
KKFM is a radio station out of Colorado Springs and Pueblo, Colorado.
Ferris is a village in Hancock County, Illinois, United States.
Fortress (stylized as F O R T R E S S) is the Miniature Tigers' second full-length album.
Keycafe is a key exchange and sharing economy company based in Vancouver.
Robbie Buchanan (born 23 February 1996) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a forward for Cowdenbeath.
Paxton led the primary field with 566,114 votes (44.4 percent); Branch followed with 426,595 votes (33.5 percent).
Lowering the drinking of beverages sweetened with sugar is recommended as a measure to address obesity.
Otunba Payne was murdered in his residence in Lagos by an unknown assailant in 1906.
A straw feminist then is a fabricated character used by those arguing against feminism to devalue and derail feminist arguments.
The Night That Made America Famous is a 1975 musical revue featuring the songs of Harry Chapin.
The St. Joseph Catholic School System is a parochial school located in Bryan, Texas.
In 1997, he contended the WBO World Title fight in Nashville, losing to Henry Akinwande by a wide points margin.
In the U.S., according to the 1990 census, the name ranks 572 of 4275.
It was introduced in 1960 as Pepsi's answer to 7 Up and Coca-Cola's Sprite.
Rangeview Intermediate School is a school in Te Atatu South, West Auckland, New Zealand.
The Fairey Battle participated in direct combat missions during early stages of the Second World War.
Scrappy has appeared in a number of the various incarnations of the Scooby-Doo cartoon series.
Clive Hale was the host and there were various panelists, including Peter Cook, who appraised antiques sent in by viewers.
It was utilized as a ruse when forced to surrender a side arm to an unfriendly party.
Its proper name is the K'nex Roller Coaster, and its code number is "63030".
Cupit owns and operates the Longview Country Club in Longview, Texas.
This national park is north from the American state of Montana and lies adjacent to the international boundary.
Stapleford is also twinned with Nachingwea, one of the six districts in the Lindi Region of Tanzania.
The 1906 Federal Meat Inspection Act requires USDA inspectors to be present during all stages of slaughterhouse operations.
BELCO's maximum generation capacity is 165 MW, produced by diesel engines and gas turbines.
Alessandro Salvi (born 5 June 1988) is an Italian footballer who plays for Palermo.
Civitas Media, LLC is a Davidson, North Carolina-based publisher of community newspapers covering 11 Midwestern, Mid-Atlantic, and Southern states.
Carl Frederick Mengeling (born October 22, 1930) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.
The school fields sixteen men's and women's intercollegiate teams that compete at the NCAA Division I level.
A lighter grip will allow the tines to remain close together and produce a thinner line.
The album included the group's first major international hit, "Emma" and "Disco Queen".
Songs of Praise is a BBC Television religious program that presents Christian hymns that first aired in October 1961.
Reginald Alfred Bush Jr. (born March 2, 1985) is a former American football running back.
It aired on Fox in the United States on March 6, 2016.
Indian Military Review (IMR) is an Indian defense monthly magazine.
He was then re-elected in 1977, 1982, 1985, 1993, 1998 and for the 7th time in 2003.
Born in Tientsin, China in 1943 to Russian immigrant parents, Bryner was raised in Menlo Park, California.
Turtle Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island east of Great Central Lake.
Washington has a number of professional and semi-professional sports teams in various sports and leagues.
It opened my eyes to taking more risks with my stand-up and not being so private on stage.
The Furies won the Midlands 3A league in 2015/16, gaining promotion to the 2A division.
The Cabinet was largely equal to the June Government, from which six Ministers had resigned.
It was designed by Francis Drummond Greville Stanley and built in 1877 by Henry Pears.
WTMG (Magic 101.3) is a commercial radio station in Williston, Florida, broadcasting to the Gainesville-Ocala, Florida area on 101.3 FM.
The DRDO Anti-Radiation missile is a tactical, air-to-surface anti-radiation missile under development by India's Defense Research and Development Organization.
"You're Not The Rule", "I'm Jealous Dear" and "When You Love Me I Get Lazy" were released as singles.
It is located in northeast Dallas, near White Rock Lake.
The group was founded and is headed by Mormons but claims a non-religious identity and motivation.
Fulfillment of the specified requirements will then result in dismissal of the charges.
By 2013, every white-owned farm in Zimbabwe had been either expropriated or confirmed for future redistribution.
Straight Arrow Press (Straight Arrow Publishing Co., Inc.) was a publishing company that published the periodical Rolling Stone.
Karl Espley (born 24 March 1986) is an English footballer who plays for Kidsgrove Athletic.
Egogepa zosta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.
He is the younger brother of Karun Chandhok, one of the two Formula 1 racing drivers from India.
After passing between the Britons and the Anglo-Saxons three times, the fort came under Anglo-Saxon control in 590.
Norlevorphanol is an opioid analgesic of the morphinan family that was never marketed.
On 19 August 2015, the album was made available for streaming at Metal Hammer.
With one exception, the collection of poems were written at sea by Longfellow in October 1842.
A Republican federal judge in New Orleans ruled that the Republican-majority legislature be seated.
He is also a former member of the 12th Man Kickoff Team at Texas A&M University, his alma mater.
Hougang MRT station (NE14) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station on the North East Line in Hougang, Singapore.
It was built about 1815, and is a two-story, three bay, limestone structure with a central-hall plan.
Prognosis and treatment are dependent on the location of the cancer and the stage of diagnosis.
An automated calling system connected MyMitt political volunteers to people who were most likely to be independent voters.
First Croatian national team that won gold medal at Olympic or World Games, World and European Championships.
Scarlet White has released two studio albums, Scarlet White and The Inbetween.
FC Taraz are a Kazakhstani football club based at the Taraz Central Stadium in Taraz.
They are presumed to be closely related to these two groups, but the split has not been widely recognized.
Kurtziella accinctus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
Jan Knappert (January 14, 1927, Heemstede - May 30, 2005, Hilversum, Netherlands) was a well-known expert on the Swahili language.
Asaphocrita rationis is a moth in the Blastobasidae family that is endemic to Costa Rica.
Bright Day is a novel by J. B. Priestley, first published in 1946.
Courier City-Oscawana is a neighborhood within the city limits of Tampa, Florida.
Saint-Michel produces a range of biscuits, exports them to about 30 countries, and offers store brand production services.
Nicholas de Moels was a medieval Norman administrator in Somerset.
It was created in 1943 for the diplomat Sir Miles Lampson.
Its members produce some 200 periodical titles with a combined circulation of over 15 million.
The 400s decade ran from January 1, 400, to December 31, 409.
He is active in philanthropy and was named a Hollywood Humanitarian by Cedars-Sinai Medical Center.
It is located on the southern side of the Brisbane River serving the Brisbane suburb of Bulimba.
Koriyama West Soccer Stadium is a soccer stadium in Koriyama, Fukushima, Japan.
It starred Stacy Tappan and Winita Lohitkul, and was conducted by Trisdee na Patalung.
Akron is a city in Plymouth County, Iowa, United States.
Bernard Unett regained the drivers title he last won in 1974, again driving a now renamed Chrysler Avenger GT.
The Year 2016 marked the 33rd 2-day encounter and 21st limited overs version of Battle of the Rocks.
Attitude is a New Zealand television program showcasing the lives of people living with disability.
The township was founded in 1931 and named after Edwin Orlando Leake, Mayor of Johannesburg from 1925 to 1926.
Tangy Fruits were small edible fruit flavored round candies, often sold in New Zealand at movie theaters.
Prodysderina is a genus of spiders in the Oonopidae family.
Tchintabaraden is a department of the Tahoua Region in Niger.
Once activated, you are given a temporary speed-boost as well as the ability to jump over villagers and holes.
Shuttlesfield Down is a 21.8-hectare (54-acre) biological Site of Special Scientific Interest north of Folkestone in Kent.
With the ball he took 2 wickets at a bowling average of 64.50, with best figures of 1/29.
It was established in 1992, with its founding editor being Barbara Adam.
By portraying my subjects transcending their status as lifeless objects I strive to depict the anima in the inanimate.
In the 1960s and 1970s he also did some work as a film and theater director.
The Second Republic lasted from 1 October 1969 to 13 January 1972.
He was the Mayor of Lakewood Township, New Jersey in 2009.
These circumstances are common on islands, making insular dwarfism the most common form of phyletic dwarfism.
It was published from 11 May 1990 until December 1998.
Chinnakanal is a village in Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala.
In 1949 the school was expanded, it was enlarged again in 1954.
Sligo County was a constituency represented in the Irish House of Commons until 1800.
The Coastal Barrier Resources Act (CBRA, Public Law 97-348) of the United States was enacted October 18, 1982.
North Texas became the first team in NCAA history to make a bowl game after starting the season 0-5.
He is considered one of the founders of 20th century forensic medicine.
Jolly attended Saint Mary's School in Raleigh and then Western Carolina University.
The team was established in 2011 in Mbeya City which is in the Southern Highlands of southwest Tanzania.
Hoshiarpur railway station is a main railway station in Hoshiarpur district, Punjab.
Thom McAn is a brand of shoes and was formerly a retail chain.
Ed Bullins (born July 2, 1935 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an African-American playwright.
His style reflects his self-professed fondness of "deadpan comedy, flat dialog, things happening offstage and inexpressive characters".
A member of the Democratic Party, she represents the 53rd district in the New York State Assembly.
As a university it first opened on 4 October 1994, the first private institution of higher education in the country.
Knife juggling is typically seen performed by street entertainers as part of a routine or at art or historical festivals.
Tony Charles Middleton (born 1 February 1964 in Winchester) is a former English first-class cricketer.
The song was also critically acclaimed, receiving a nomination for Best Hard Rock Performance at the 2003 Grammy Awards.
The type and only species in this section is Verticordia humilis.
Famous Music Group based out of Sunrise, FL who distributes via Universal.
Soliclymenia is a genus of ammonites from the Late Devonian.
Environmental philosophy is a branch of philosophy that is concerned with the natural environment and humans' place within it.
The stopping-place was close to Wavertree Hall, residence of Mr Charles Lawrence, chairman of the railway company.
Year 1006 (MVI) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.
KFFK (1390 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish News/Talk format.
The Bramalea City Center is a large shopping mall located in the city of Brampton, Ontario, Canada.
The "Patton Oswalt: No Reason to Complain" DVD was released by Comedy Central on April 4, 2006.
The homey makeshift setup yielded a loose, organic vibe that invigorated material like Steve Cash's tongue-in-cheek swamp-rocker "E.E. Lawson".
The album was re-released internationally by Geffen Records in 1992 following the success of Nirvana's second album, Nevermind (1991).
Nithya Vasantham is a 1979 Indian Malayalam film, directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by Murahari Filims.
For wet cells, cables are often connected to the battery terminals, as is found in automobiles or emergency lighting equipment.
She named the Keene family after her adopted hometown of Keene, New Hampshire.
Songs of Love and Death is Gryner's second album of cover versions, following 2001's Girl Versions.
Since that time, the society has converted the house into its museum.
Jake Prairie is an unincorporated community in Crawford County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Singles and EPs: 2001 - 2005 is a two disk compilation album released by UK band The Music.
The film won 11 international awards including The Wildscreen Panda, also known as the Green Oscar.
He resigned his seat in 1968 and was appointed to the Supreme Court of British Columbia.
It inhabits streams in eastern AustraliaEusynthemis rentziana appears similar to Eusynthemis guttata which is found in streams of south-eastern Australia.
Tencent Music Entertainment Group is a company that develops music streaming services for the Chinese market.
Notable buildings and structures in the belt include Moana Pool, Olveston, Otago Boys' High School, and the Beverly-Begg Observatory.
The device consisted of a bronze wheel weighing less than 1.5 pounds that was spun by an air jet.
It's also available on several smart-TVs like Panasonic and Samsung.
The Dallas County Community College District (DCCCD) is a network of seven community colleges in Dallas County, Texas (USA).
The first crab to breach the circle is the winner.
Tony Mamodaly (born 2 August 1990) is a former professional footballer who played as a striker.
Hill's first marriage was to Leonard Dommet, a violinist, at the age of 19.
Yeo is a graduate of the Australian Film Television and Radio School and Sydney University.
The album has now sold over 400,000 copies certified platinum.
Hunter Easton Hayes (born September 9, 1991) is an American country music singer, songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist.
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2768 and had 486 houses in it.
The School of Architecture is an architecture school in Liverpool, England, and part of the University of Liverpool.
The three-stage tower has corner buttresses and a saddleback roof.
Divisional admiral is a commissioned officer rank in several navies.
The views from the summit are extensive, if unremarkable due to the featureless, flat moorland surroundings.
On 21 June 1946, she was returned to the United States Navy.
No two games should play the same due to the variability of the simulated human reaction to stress.
It was first named by Gaffney in 1972 and the type species is Palatobaena bairdi.
Livingstone ran unsuccessfully for the Republican nomination for Governor of Montana in the 2012 election.
In his autobiography, Lewis reports that he was significantly influenced by his tutor.
She is also the Director of RAI program Rai Parlamento.
He was born in England, but grew up in Scotland.
Two versions of the album are planned to be released, a CD only version and a limited CD+DVD version.
As administrative security level facilities, they are capable of holding inmates in all security categories.
Fisher Engineering is an American manufacturer of snowplows and other professional snow removal equipment, located in Rockland, Maine.
December 29 is the 363rd day of the year (364th in leap years) in the Gregorian calendar.
Semington Aqueduct (grid reference ST896609) is an aqueduct at Semington, Wiltshire, England, UK.
LastPass is a freemium password manager that stores encrypted passwords online.
It earned him a Juno Award nomination for Best Rap Recording in 1997.
The FCC canceled the station's license on October 5, 2012, and deleted its call sign from their database.
It was responsible for managing extensions to Perth's railway network.
He made his first-team debut for Dundee in April 2018.
This new fort was completed in August and the troops moved from Camp Ben Butler to Fort Blair.
Lahari Music, pioneer record label company is making its Re-Entry in to the Tamil music industry with Masala Padam.
There's a large beach next to the Suriname river near the city center.
Parabacillus hesperus, the western short-horn walkingstick, is a species of walkingstick in the family Heteronemiidae.
Pseudosermyle strigata, the striped walkingstick, is a species of walkingstick in the family Diapheromeridae.
In her early career, Ryder was the keyboard player with British funk/rock band Krakatoa.
Yishan Li (1981) is a Chinese-British professional comic/manhua creator who lives in Edinburgh, UK.
Known as the "Hoosier poet", Riley wrote the rhymes in nineteenth-century Hoosier dialect.
Overall, 13 Test centuries have been scored at the ground.
The film was hailed an filmmaking achievement by critics and garnered accolades for the director as a first feature.
Passengers to or from Westport or travel to Athlone and change trains.
He is most famous for his role as Milo Virini on the science-fiction show Babylon 5.
They play their home games at the 80,000 capacity Stade des Martyrs in Kinshasa.
In 1999, the Mars Global Surveyor's Mars Orbiter Camera was able to provide more detailed pictures.
However, he never fully established himself and included only 32 league games before his departure in 1977.
There have been 39 graduating classes only included with VIII and X grade school so far.
Ophrys bombyliflora is pollinated by males of solitary bees of the genus Eucera (which are not bumblebees).
The Imme R100 was a lightweight motorcycle made by Riedel AG from 1948 to 1951.
The DECC is located on the waterfront near Duluth's famous Aerial Lift Bridge.
French Camp is a former settlement in Yolo County, California.
Trader is a name shared by two fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics but failed to reach the final.
It began April 7, 1963, and ended September 2, 1963, after ten races.
John Ellis (born 22 October 1930) is a British Labor Party politician.
Furniture manufacturing grew in Gettysburg, in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
One of its most distinctive features is the unusual tone of pink-orange paper it's printed on.
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir adopted Careless's rendition and it has since become one of the choir's standard numbers.
In patients with achromatopsia, the cone system and fibers carrying color information remain intact.
The group didn't return with another album until 2001, with X.O. Experience.
Disney's Comics in 3-D was a two-part comic book series made by The Walt Disney Company in 1992.
She also received a Golden Globe nomination for her performance.
The first hotel accommodation opened in 1996 as the Alton Towers Hotel.
The Hartford College for Women (or HCW) was a two-year private college for women located in Hartford, Connecticut.
The achievement was noted as a highlight of 2014 in Science Year by Year (2017).
Jonathan Paul Le Tocq is a politician based on the island of Guernsey, British Channel Islands.
The Santuari del Corredor (Shrine of the Corredor) is a 16th-century hermitage within the municipality of Dosrius, Spain.
Keshav Memorial Institute of Technology (KMIT) is private college in Hyderabad, India.
Epichorista sicca is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.
The Ultraperformance Nanophotonic Intrachip Communications (UNIC) program is a project of DARPA.
In larger anabranches, the flow can diverge for a distance of several kilometers before rejoining the main channel.
He was also the Governor of the Bank of Spain from July 2000 to July 2006.
In the finals, Sara's pair came in fourth with a time of 7:30.39.
Eesti Gaidide Liit (EGL, Estonian Guides Association) is the national Guiding organization of Estonia.
This season also featured an additional challenge where the two teams competed over possession of a teddy bear.
On the spine of the Australian CD single, the title of the song was misprinted as "Nine in the Morning".
The line opened from Alameda Island to Hayward, California in 1864 and 1865.
Penicillium islandicum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces luteoskyrin, simatoxin, cyclochlorotine, rugulosin, islanditoxin and chitosanase.
The song was featured in the video game MX vs. ATV Unleashed in 2005.
Healthcare technicians are typically found in specialty clinics, intensive care, emergency departments, or laboratory collection facilities.
The center was the first privately funded ice rink in Erie when it opened on 8 December 1991.
A flat or tapestry woven carpet, without pile, is a kilim.
A live review from Performer Magazine can be found at [3].
Qatar competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, United States.
It was held on the weekend of 1 to 3 July at Barbagallo Raceway in Perth, Western Australia.
Obstruction is more likely in organoaxial twisting than with mesenteroaxial while the latter is more associated with ischemia.
The church still operates for religious services in a small chapel at its northern end.
It is found in countries of the Afrotropical, Malagasy, Oriental, and Palaearctic regions.
Ottawa Fury Football Club is a Canadian professional soccer club based in Ottawa, Ontario.
He was the first Professor of Medicine at the University of Ceylon, Peradeniya.
He currently teaches at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Department of Architecture where he has founded the Self-Assembly Laboratory.
The population was 15,371 at the 2010 census, an increase from 14,774 in 2000.
Cicero is an unincorporated community in Sumner County, Kansas, in the United States.
The bridge also has 3 Indian head reliefs with headresses on either side.
Pygidia are typically large, competing in size with the cephalon in some species.
Kings County Hospital Center is a municipal hospital located in the East Flatbush neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City.
Chris Paddie is an American politician who is the current Texas state representative for District 9.
It stars Kathleen Quinlan, David Keith, Cliff DeYoung, Frances Sternhagen and Dianne Wiest.
The standard for these devices is maintained by the International Electrotechnical Commission.
He was the Health minister of Andhra Pradesh from 2014 - March 2018.
The Lawrence Brook Mill, formerly Bergen's Mill is a closed gristmill located in Milltown, New Jersey.
It also acknowledged a "national need to study and apply the teachings of the Holy Scriptures."
The station's license was canceled by the Federal Communications Commission on March 16, 2015.
Representing France, he competed at 2014 World Equestrian Games and at two European Dressage Championships (in 2011 and 2015).
The Kwikwasut'inuxw are one of the many subgroups of the Kwakwaka'wakw peoples of the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada.
Radio regulation in the United States was enforced to eliminate different stations from broadcasting on each other's airwaves.
The word comes from the Greek word pharynx meaning "throat" and the suffix -itis meaning "inflammation".
They worked on it alongside the staff of The Critic, the series they had left The Simpsons to create.
In 2014 Alberts was selected to be Vice Chancellor in addition to his current duties as Director of Athletics.
There are about seven genera and nine described species in Gymnomyzinae.
It allowed rum brought from the colonies to be stored on shore before the excise duty was paid.
In 1982 he graduated from the California Institute of Technology with a Master of Science in astrophysics.
He was the son of John and Fanny (Moore) Entrekin.
Its clubhouse is located off Stevens Road, near the center of town in Singapore.
He played collegiately at the University of Dayton, ending his NBA career with the Toronto Raptors in 1999.
The few linear leaves are up to 3 centimeters long and occur along the stem.
The seeds used for this purpose were chosen to withstand heavy aircraft traffic.
In march 2017, Mogren was expelled from South region of the Third Montenegrin league.
The Dress or De jurk is a 1996 Dutch comedy film drama directed by Alex van Warmerdam.
His work included sports illustrations, window displays in Times Square, and promotional posters that were displayed on newspaper trucks.
Free climbing more specifically may include solo climbing, traditional climbing, sport climbing and bouldering.
According to the Iraqi High Electoral Commission, there were 366 female and 736 male candidates for the elections.
The journal was later acquired by the Temple University Beasley School of Law.
A line manager is an employee who directly manages other employees and operations while reporting to a higher-ranking manager.
The group stage features 16 teams: the 14 automatic qualifiers from the I-League and the 2 winners of the qualifiers.
The house was built around 1760 for a Brigadier Crowe.
It is also used to extract oils from your face.
The Republic of Cyprus accepted the convention on 14 August 1975, making its sites eligible for inclusion on the list.
In January 2010, it was announced that Gordon was leaving the show and Martha departed on 9 June 2010.
INPP1 encodes the enzyme inositol polyphosphate-1-phosphatase, one of the enzymes involved in phosphatidylinositol signaling pathways.
Boom barriers were later provided at the same crossing in 2011.
Blow is a film released in 1986 through Crown International Pictures .
Gold Coast United's record appearance-maker is Michael Thwaite, who played 82 matches for the club.
The company has provided free lunches in support of refugees at various events.
It is a one-story Queen Anne-style house built in 1910.
The 1991 Superbike World Championship was the fourth FIM Superbike World Championship season.
The Violin Society of America (VSA) is an American organization devoted to makers and dealers of violins, violas, and cellos.
Google has paid CodeWeavers to improve support for Adobe Photoshop and add functionality to Wine.
Campgrounds, hotels, restaurants and summer houses offer lodging to visitors.
The college is situated in a hilly area, close to Akuressa Maliduwa main road with natural surroundings.
Originally named Memory III, the vessel was renamed Elfreda while in private use as a personal yacht.
Since 2013, he has served as the Archdeacon of Lewisham & Greenwich in the Diocese of Southwark.
Examples of such containers are arrays, associative arrays, binary trees, and linked lists.
Her career-high rankings are No. 35 in singles and No. 56 in doubles.
Its main product was TNT (Trinitrotoluene) used for shell filling.
Kakiri is a town located in Wakiso District in the Central Region of Uganda.
He must win over her parents and his Quaker aunt.
He was 52 years old at the time of his death.
Ataxia nivisparsa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
It was founded by Celia Franca and Julia Bondy in 1951 and is based in Toronto, Ontario.
Elisabeth premetro station only has one entrance that leads to level -1.
The film features Betty Grable in an early starring role.
The season started on 28 March at Kyalami and finished on 10 October at Sugo after 13 rounds.
It is boxed in by a shortcut lane which connects Churchgate to Victoria Terminus.
It is three stories and contains several classical motifs, it includes pilasters, free-standing columns and multiple pediments.
It was written by Frank Shipley Collins, and published in 1918.
It was again removed for the 2014-15 season as CBS's comedy schedule was reduced.
It depicts a shield of horizontal green, blue, and white stripes.
ARDUU later became a part of the Afar Revolutionary Democratic Unity Front (ARDUF).
There was a Youth Hostel at Taitlands between 1942 and 2007.
A free expansion for the title was released in August 2013.
Smyge is currently used for training at the Swedish Navy Academy.
Logan Lake is a district municipality in the Southern Interior of British Columbia, Canada.
Some aspects of magnetotaxis are still not completely understood .
On 31 July 2004 the network was finally switched off.
Marsh was from Allegan and was Chairman of the Michigan Republican Party from 1898-1900.
The name was chosen by a group of high school students who wanted to memorialize Wetterling and other missing children.
They form a vital component of security, automated lighting control, home control, energy efficiency and other useful systems.
She has been an Labor Party member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly since November 2014, representing the electorate of Yuroke.
Lake is located on the northwestern border of Haliburton and Muskoka counties in Central Ontario, Canada.
It is owned by Coast Broadcasting, owned by local businessman Andrew Bell.
A Personal History (2011) is a book written by former Pakistani cricketer Imran Khan.
It aided collectors of comic books, Star Trek, movie memorabilia, pulp magazines, and baseball cards.
A person with no fixed address may have mail addressed to a Poste restante service.
It is native to the mountains of Mexico and parts of Guatemala, and has been introduced in the Andes.
It is generally distributed in convenience stores, supermarkets, and through door-to-door delivery.
Vinyl ester refers to esters formally derived from vinyl alcohol.
The stone was stolen from the French Crown Jewels in 1792 during the turbulence of the French Revolution.
Franco Cobas (born 18 May 1939) is a Spanish rower.
The earliest manuscript of the document is of the fourteenth century.
1996 Las Vegas Bowl was the 5th edition of that annual game.
It is a hybrid between god simulation, rhythm and strategy.
Grand Lake is an unincorporated community in Chicot County in the U.S. state of Arkansas.
The blue shield features a crown and anchor, symbols which have long been the working images for Sydney.
Because of the early poor results and the lack of representative matches public interest was rather limited.
He sued Cowles Media Company, who owned the Minneapolis Star Tribune.
The same people who had knocked back her emails and calls.
She has won the Olivier Award for Best Costume Design twice.
The district has no high school and transports these students to Tonopah.
The police troop left the Armory in November 1929 after a new headquarters in Hawthorne was completed.
Twelve years later, NoBAWC comprises 30 dues-paying workplaces with a paid staff.
Netherlands competed at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics, in Nanjing, China from 16 August to 28 August 2014.
Hibiscus scottii is a species of flowering plant in the Malvaceae family.
It is similar to Ophryotrocha globopalpata, possessing some morphological differences, although genetic divergence is low between them.
The surrounding buildings are mainly commercial, though several are government buildings.
It was first sold under the name "Score Four" by Funtastic in 1968.
Trevenen is a hamlet on the A394 main road from Helston to Mabe in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Paradosi Ballet Company is the Northwestern United States first professional Christian ballet company based in Tacoma, Washington.
The origin of this account is either Southern England or Wales.
It was created on 19 January 1934 for the accountant William McLintock.
LSU won the tournament and earned the Southeastern Conference's automatic bid to the 2008 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament.
American Gothic is an American mystery drama television series created by Corinne Brinkerhoff.
She is the long-time host of the children's dance show Chic-a-Go-Go, and co-founder of Chicago's A-Squared Theater Workshop.
She became controversially known as a Filipina beauty queen acting on Sex in film.
She graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 2007 and resides in North Carolina.
Prestwich tram stop is a stop on the Bury Line of Greater Manchester's light rail Metrolink system.
The community is known as "The Fishbowl" to locals because many streets in the area are named for fish.
After his postdoctoral studies, he began his teaching career at the Claremont Graduate School.
Tandav is the second feature film produced by Mohaan Dotel and also the second by director Murray Kerr.
Tele Bridge is a Border Post located between South Africa and Lesotho.
He played for Sunderland and Gillingham between 1919 and 1924, making over 70 appearances in the Football League.
Bwera General Hospital, also Bwera Hospital, is a hospital in the Western Region of Uganda.
Lakeside is a town in Douglas County, Wisconsin, United States.
Hamari Khwab Tumhare is a 1966 Indian Bollywood film directed by Shiv Sahni and produced by Hans Choudhary.
Neotrombidium is a genus of velvet mites and chiggers in the family Neotrombidiidae.
The station building contains a 1150 square meters parking area in its lower level.
Clarke was sold to the San Diego Padres on May 31, 1974, for $25,000.
Carl Anthony Pavano (born January 8, 1976) is an American former professional baseball player.
No. 1 is the highly influential 1975 debut album by Texas singer-songwriter Guy Clark.
Gliese 693 is a flare star of spectral type M2 located in the constellation Pavo, 18.95 light-years from Earth.
The state of siege had been in force since he took office in 1954.
Gordon v Goertz is a 1996 Supreme Court of Canada decision dealing with issues surrounding parental relocation.
The greater yellow finch (Sicalis auriventris) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
The following are the national records in Olympic weightlifting in the United States.
Organized efforts have ranged from academic discussions to political petitions.
Adrian Frederick George Wyatt, FRS is a British physicist, and Emeritus Professor at University of Exeter.
Slow Dancer is the sixth album by Boz Scaggs, originally released by Columbia in 1974.
Raboliot is a French novel, written by Maurice Genevoix, published in 1925.
8 Liverpool Plains MLA Hanley Bennett resigned due to financial difficulties in May 1876.
He had one brother, named Chil-luk, who preceded him in death, and another brother Sub-Chief T'see-leeq.
This is the list of characters that appear in the manga DearS and its anime and video game adaptions.
Booth is known for his use of black and gray ink tattoo work depicting dark surrealism styled pieces.
With partners Christina Antoniades and Emily Ruppert, Silverman competed in the 2014 Acrobatic Gymnastics World Championships.
His father was John Turner Sparrell, Jr., a marble worker, and farmer.
Decontamination for toxic metals is different from organic toxins: because toxic metals are elements, they cannot be destroyed.
The classes of the college were held at West End High School and thereafter at Dhaka College.
The film is the official remake of the successful Malayalam film Amar Akbar Anthony (2015) which was directed by Nadirshah.
The following is a timeline of the history of the municipality of Nijmegen, Netherlands.
It is eligible to receive contributions deductible as charitable donations for federal income tax purposes.
Dani was initially against moving to the Bay as she thought the town was "tame".
Autobiography is a book by the British singer-songwriter Morrissey, published in October 2013.
In 2014, Connell was still competing in major tournaments in Australia.
There he finished in 15th position in the 100m Breaststroke.
Argentines are Argentine citizens who are fully, partially, or predominantly of Lithuanian descent, or Lithuanian-born people residing in Argentina.
German submarine U-673 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.
Toxicophores can act directly (e.g., dioxins) or can require metabolic activation (e.g., tobacco-specific nitrosamines).
Corn Mo is the stage name of Jon Cunningham, an American, Brooklyn-based musician.
He was drafted by the Chargers in the third round of the 2013 NFL Draft.
The Colecovision version features digitized speech without additional hardware and was published as Squish'em Featuring Sam.
This page lists the major power stations located in Henan province.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Westlaw and International Political Science Abstracts/Documentation Politique Internationale.
Today, the Pine Tavern is the oldest restaurant in the city of Bend.
Hygrotus quinquelineatus is a species of Dytiscidae native to Europe.
He resigned in September 1795 and was followed in office by his brother-in-law, John Edwards.
It was invented in the United States by Philip Bryant.
In 2007, PharmAccess was one of two organizations that won a competition for a World Bank funding partnership.
He is now the Director of Operations for the England and Wales Cricket Board.
The standoff degenerated into urban warfare, and brought parts of the city into a standstill for days.
The ngoni or "n'goni" is a string instrument originating in West Africa.
It was instrumental in transport for North West England and was home to several mills during the Industrial Revolution.
Corrado Orrico (born 16 April 1940) is an Italian football coach.
Hellebore Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island which is the expansion of Marblerock Creek.
It was located inside the Zitsa municipality, in Ioannina prefecture.
Breed enthusiasts worked to develop new selection criteria for breeding stock, and population numbers are now relatively stable.
Open Windows is a 2014 English-language Spanish found footage techno-thriller film directed and written by Nacho Vigalondo.
Critic Andrew Sarris gave it a less favorable review, however, and the film was a commercial failure.
He is widely considered to be one of the major directors during the 1980s, the golden era of Malayalam cinema.
Miranda is one of the principal characters of William Shakespeare's The Tempest.
She won the seat in a special election in 2008 upon the resignation of Republican Donald Trahan.
The Jon H. Poteat Scholarship is the largest scholarship fund for NTHS.
St Patrick's Church is a church on Blake Avenue in the Eastbury district in Barking.
As of February 2014, the 2014 Tahoe was the top-ranked Affordable Large SUV in U.S. News & World Report's rankings.
Inositol phosphates are a group of mono- to polyphosphorylated inositols.
It is accredited by the Liaison Committee on Medical Education (LCME).
Lives Are Not Enough is a 1941 Comedy-drama film directed by A. Edward Sutherland and written by Fred Niblo Jr..
Parted ways after Herron met up with Bobo Brazil and left area to work somewhere up north.
He was the only player from the city of Porto included in the squad and became FC Porto's first international.
Breakthrough Entertainment is a Canadian production company founded in 1986 by Peter Williamson and Ira Levy.
Kevin Martin is a musician, record producer and journalist, often known under his recording alias The Bug from England, UK.
Pantymwyn is a small village just outside Mold in Flintshire, Wales.
Dantsig subsequently kept the painting in his workshop before exhibiting it again in the Central House of Artists in Moscow.
The Costa Rica women's national handball team is the national team of Costa Rica.
A judge rejected the suit in court in March 2017 stating that the verbal agreement was not legally binding.
Bert Oosterbosch (born Eindhoven, July 30, 1957, died Lekkerkerk, August 18, 1989) was a Dutch racing cyclist.
Roman Berytus (Roman Baths) are located in the middle of downtown Beirut, Lebanon between Banks Street and Capuchin Street.
Oliver stopped using the name "Drumpf" in subsequent segments, stating that the joke "went out of hand."
The team lost to the USC Trojans in 2004 Rose Bowl.
Neomycin belongs to aminoglycoside class of antibiotics that contain two or more aminosugars connected by glycosidic bonds.
Argyroeides is a genus of moths in the subfamily Arctiinae.
She joined online magazine Slate as an editorial assistant in 2003.
Those where the layout behavior is coded in layout managers, that can be applied to any graphic container.
Brij Lal was the highest ranking police officer in Uttar Pradesh India.
The population was 1,450 at 2012 Estimate from Office of Financial Management.
The Montagu Bastion is one of many bastions which were designed to protect Gibraltar.
Section A is common to all candidates, while Section B is specific to a particular stream of engineering.
Dolindia is a town in the Dolo Department of Bougouriba Province in south-western Burkina Faso.
Panopsis is a genus of trees in the family Proteaceae.
A hoggan was a good poverty indicator that reappeared when wheat prices were high.
The Encyclopedia of Modern Life is a book by Steve Lowe and Alan McArthur.
Its territory is included in the Abruzzo, Lazio and Molise National Park.
She is the Chief Executive Officer of Uganda National Oil Company.
He is best known as one of the two drummers of the rock band Grateful Dead.
Street of Dreams was a musical with music and lyrics by Trisha Ward and co-written with Damon Rochefort.
Hilo's symbol and mascot is the Viking and its school colors are blue and gold.
The Gaming Act 1710 was largely superseded by the Gaming Act 1968.
The St Kevins recruit played in Hawthorn's three point win over North Melbourne at the MCG in round two.
The Anita Borg Institute Women of Vision Awards honor exceptional technical women.
The multiplayer mode includes online co-op and deathmatch, the latter having been introduced in a patch.
By the Christmas of 2000, the game boasted over 35,000 registered user accounts.
Ramone Rochester (born 18 February 1997), known professionally as Ramz, is an English singer, rapper and songwriter from London.
Charles Kinbote is the unreliable narrator in Vladimir Nabokov's novel Pale Fire.
It appears as a curved subchondral radiolucent line that is often found on the proximal femoral or humeral head.
This was the first WWF pay-per-view in which the active World Heavyweight Champion did not compete on-air on the show.
The Nashville Metros were an American soccer team based in Nashville, Tennessee, United States.
The city of Ormoc lies at the head of the bay and exports rice, copra and sugar.
The genus name, Swima, is derived from the Latin, referring to the animal's ability to swim.
This song has also appeared in the film's Broadway musical.
It took place in Rome, Italy between 8 and 13 May 2017.
Curtis Harry (born 23 May 1962) is a Trinidad and Tobago bobsledder.
Produced by band member Mikey Young, the album was released on 24 June 2014 by Iron Lung Records.
In 2015 the Firemen's Hall was also listed as a contributing property to the Owatonna Commercial Historic District.
Sputniko! was featured in the exhibition Talk to Me at The Museum of Modern Art in New York.
The churchyard has no more room for graves, so another graveyard was built in nearby Roresand.
KTZU's owner, Programmer's Broadcasting, also owns KWGO 102.9 (Country) in Burlington and KBTO 101.9 (country) in Bottineau.
The expression "evil laugh" dates back to at least 1860.
The leaves are lance-shaped to oval and green to red in color, measuring up to 6 centimeters long.
Johan "Moose" Hedberg (born 5 May 1973) is a retired Swedish professional ice hockey goaltender.
Bessie Bardot (born Bessie Wilson on 10 September 1974) is an Australian businesswoman, author, body model, television host, and socialite.
Montebello tenuis is a species of spiders in the Gnaphosidae family.
TURBOchannel is an open computer bus developed by DEC by during the late 1980s and early 1990s.
It is based at TTG's head office near Waterloo at 2-6 Boundary Row, London, SE1 8HP.
Between 1999 and 2005, he was Managing Editor of the Bulletin of Economic Research.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 7, 1989.
Initials of the managing agency follow the name of the designation.
Based on analysis of metagenomics data, crAssphage sequences have been identified in about half of all sampled humans.
Raef Al Hasan Rafa (born 27 October 1986) is a Bangladeshi musician, songwriter, sound engineer and music producer.
The group, whose repertoire spread between garage rock and acid rock, have been termed a freakbeat band.
From 2013-2014 he was an assistant coach to the New York Rangers.
The American Journal of Cardiology is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of cardiology and general cardiovascular disease.
By 1997, the band was due a much needed break and have remained on hiatus ever since.
The unincorporated communities of Fish Creek and Juddville are located in the town.
It was Blue's last chart entry with an original song, reaching no.
The festival is the concept of Roxane Davis and the City Of Aspen.
Founder's Pie Calculator is a tool for distributing shares when starting a business venture.
It refers to a hypothetical situation in which several individuals stage a contest for which one eventually emerges victorious.
It is one of the leading business schools in the Asia-Pacific region, especially in the fields of finance and marketing.
The Sky Hawk was discontinued for the 1957 model year.
The standard has subsequently been upgraded to international standards IEC 60603-2 and EN 60603-2.
The plant is primarily used during periods of peak demand or when the power supply from the mainline is impaired.
Ipswich Girls' Grammar School (IGGS) is an independent, non-denominational, day and boarding school for girls, in Ipswich, Queensland, Australia.
It was launched in late 2004 and closed on Friday 8 June 2012.
Also on the property are the original kitchen, slave quarters, smokehouse, and well.
It contains the Cass Park Historic District, the Cass-Davenport Historic District and Old Chinatown.
It is located within the Town of Chester, which maintains the beach.
He has been congratulated by the industry's most acclaimed directors like Mani Ratnam and S. Shankar.
In September 2017, Southern Cross Austereo announced that Hughesy & Kate would replace Hamish and Andy.
Cetalkonium chloride is purchased as a raw material in dry form as a white powder.
His strong arguments in favor of the actress and now in favor of Dileep has earned attention.
He was also arrested in Anti price hike agitation in the year 1980.
The stile umbertino is the name commonly given to a 19th-century style of Renaissance Revival architecture in Italy.
Although it was capable of flight, it was extremely hard to control.
Print ads featuring Groob also appeared in Rolling Stone and Entertainment Weekly.
It was created out of parts of the electoral districts of Calgary West and Calgary Center.
Prior to his pro career, Laux played at the college level for Saint Joseph's University.
Harmostes angustatus is a species of scentless plant bug in the family Rhopalidae.
The battalion fought at Gallipoli in the latter stages of that campaign before being withdrawn to Egypt in late 1915.
Queens are of a bigger size at 22-24 millimeters in length.
It was introduced in the late 1960s and is still used today.
According to Tacitus (Annals, XV, 41.1.), it was built by king Servius Tullius.
He and the horse Sun's Jet Parade won the Tennessee Walking Horse National Celebration's World Grand Championship in 1957.
In December 1982, the name was changed to C User's Group Newsletter.
Pakistan had a total installed power generation capacity of over 30 GW by March 2018.
At an extreme, authored documentaries may take the form of "hybrid" documentaries that incorporate techniques used in fiction.
The hindwings are similar in ground color, but the band of white patches is lunate.
She was born on 6 June 1946, and spent her early years in Kota Bharu, Kelantan.
Its natural habitats are temperate forest and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
Dr Mwiria Valerian Kilemiborn May 17, 1954 is a Kenyan politician and scholar.
He won a bronze medal at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp with the Belgium national field hockey team.
It also won two Academy Awards, which were credited to the songwriters of the track.
She is an older sister of Donald Trump, the 45th and current President of the United States.
He was first called up to the Welsh national team in 2013 and made his debut in 2016.
MS 462 was designated around 1958, as a gravel road extending eastward from US 61 near Port Gibson.
The school is currently a co-ed, single session school, located in Bishan.
The duo has produced music together under the names MAW, KenLou, Sole Fusion, Hardrive, and Nuyorican Soul.
Andrew John "Andy" Connell (born 26 July 1961) is an English musician and composer.
Granigyra piona is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk, unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
O'Brien clarified that she would remain independent while a Senator and join Renua to stand at the 2016 general election.
She was elected to the Italian Chamber of Deputies at the 2006 general election and re-elected in 2008.
It is presented by Michael Palin and produced by Brian Leith.
During KMO competitions, teams of students from many schools earned points by answering multiple-choice questions quickly and accurately.
At least six Fireboats in Toronto have helped protect the city's waterfront and maritime commerce.
It is a stone structure built in 1859-60, as a flour mill for the Benjamin C. Moore Company.
A list of science fiction films released in the 1970s.
Cover Version is a compilation album released in 2014 by British musician and record producer Steven Wilson.
Nickey Alexander (also known as Nickey Beat) is an American drummer.
Little People of Canada (LPC) is a not-for-profit organization, federally incorporated in Canada on December 7, 1984.
In the past decade, Cheung has been regarded as one of the most respected documentary filmmakers in Hong Kong.
Bearpaw Meadow High Sierra Camp is a full-service tent campground in Sequoia National Park.
The resulting hypervigilance and disability restricts normal use of the tissue and deteriorates the individual physically and mentally.
Dallas 362 is a 2003 film, starring and directed by Scott Caan.
Leotis Harris (born June 28, 1955 in Little Rock, Arkansas) is a former American football offensive guard in the NFL.
All rooms are centrally heated and have ethernet, NBN, phone and TV aerial connections.
Toda people are a Dravidian ethnic group who live in the Nilgiri Mountains of Tamil Nadu.
De Bock represented his country at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Kiel.
Alavivus (flourished in 4th century AD) was a Gothic co-king of a group of Thervingi together with Fritigern.
This contest was the first gubernatorial election held after the entry of the United States into the second world war.
She cited The Game as an example of women receiving more lead roles on television.
He is best known as the co-creator of Thriller with Trevor Von Eeden and for his collaborations with Keith Giffen.
Presque Isle Harbor is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Presque Isle County, Michigan, United States.
Manmohan Memorial Institute of Health Science or MMIHS is a medical college in Kathmandu, Nepal.
He was born in Southern Rhodesia, which is today Zimbabwe.
The neighborhood has six streets, and holds about 120 homes (many horse properties), and a condominium complex.
The film was retitled Snow White and the Three Clowns in Great Britain.
They played the 2009 Air New Zealand Cup Final on 7 November.
Knee-high boots are boots that rise to the knee, or slightly thereunder.
He also was a House member representing the 43rd District from 2010 to 2012.
The bank was absorbed into parent company Banco Popolare in 2011.
It was established in the year 2056 BS (1999 AD) at Thapathali.
Her mother Woizero Aselefech Wolde Hanna was the niece of Empress Taitu Bitul, consort of Emperor Menelik II of Ethiopia.
Wedgwood Memorial College had a non-circulating library with 15,000 volumes available for research and private study.
24SevenOffice is a Norwegian software company with headquarters in Oslo, Norway, and offices in Stockholm, Sweden and London, UK.
It contains Inca ruins, with five small stone baths which during the wet season contain constant fresh running water.
From 2003 to 2007, he was Team Vicar of the Parish of Old St Pancras.
It lies half a mile along the B6368 from its junction with the A68.
Before the arrival of Europeans, Native American peoples all across the country had developed customs for dealing with captives.
In 1973, the party elected W.A.C. Bennett's son, Bill Bennett, on the first ballot.
Its Army and Air Force equivalents were Superesercito and Superaereo.
I just took the bare minimum classes that I had to each semester, so I could work at the paper.
Foreign relations of Djibouti are managed by the Djiboutian Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation.
Killeagh (Irish: Cill Ia) is a small village located in east County Cork, Munster, Ireland.
Balaustion is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae.
Kari Martinsen (born 1943) is a Norwegian nurse and academic, whose work focuses on nursing theory.
The number of boarders also reduced after Independence due to Emigration to Australia and Great Britain.
Less important members included Said Bahaji, Zakariya Essabar, Mounir el-Motassadeq, and Abdelghani Mzoudi.
The Prussian Eastern Railway Headquarters in Bydgoszcz is a historical building, formerly the seat of the Prussian Eastern Railway headquarters.
It may also contain a listing of an order of business.
Recipe for Disaster is a 1994 novel by Ugandan author Lillian Tindyebwa.
In August 2017, it was announced that the artificial intelligence platform would be used in their smart speaker series.
The insect beating net was devised by George Carter Bignell.
Sphinx Dome is a lava dome in northwestern British Columbia, Canada, located near Mount Edziza in Mount Edziza Provincial Park.
Many members of this genus are familiar pests of plants.
Jennifer NG Chi Kwon (born 1985) is a national team swimmer from Hong Kong.
There is also a US edition, which launched in 1998 as well as a German edition.
The best known lacquer, an urushiol-based lacquer common in East Asia, is derived from the dried sap of Toxicodendron vernicifluum.
The Manitoba Rugby Football Union saw the four teams play an unbalanced schedule.
King & Prince is a six-member Japanese idol group under Johnny & Associates that debuted in 2018.
The bi-monthly magazine rolled out its first issue as an exclusive limited edition in January 2007.
The Solidarity logo designed by Jerzy Janiszewski in 1980 is considered as an important example of Polish Poster School creations.
Cook aims to reduce dependence from cloud services and make data collection harder.
"Call on Me" received massive sales success and topped several record charts.
A soda fountain is also referred to as a postmix machine in some markets.
There are 157 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.
A Theory Of Race is a 2009 book by Joshua Glasgow.
Monte Kim Miller formed a group known as the Concerned Christians in Colorado, during the 1980s.
Reginald McKnight (born 26 February 1956) is an American short story writer and novelist.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, shrub-dominated wetlands, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Angela and Ann Downey were the stars as Kilkenny retained their title.
Maria is the leading female character in the film West Side Story.
He is the father of David and Adam Harrison, both of whom have played for Glamorgan.
Undrafted in the 2011 NFL Draft, Travis played with the Seattle Seahawks in the 2011 preseason before being waived.
The council was composed of representatives from the Malay, the Chinese and the Indian communities.
Hyste'riah was a Swedish thrash metal/ metallic hardcore-band that originated in Landskrona in 1987.
In 2009 it was the 17th most expensive street in the world measured by rent prices.
Several years after release, Destructoid listed the game as one of THQ's ten best.
TAG-72 is also the target of the anti-cancer drugs anatumomab mafenatox and minretumomab.
This release, for the label "White Church Record", credits the performance with variant spelling to "Leroy Abernathy Homeland Harmony Quartet".
Motilin in turn is an intestinal peptide that stimulates contraction of gut smooth muscle.
Slipknot performed "Psychosocial" live for the first time on July 9, 2008, at the White River Amphitheater in Auburn, Washington.
In the Roman Empire, it was known as year 157 Ab urbe condita .
She was part of an influential family of publishers and bookbinders.
Like the Seven Society and Z Society, the IMP Society is known to paint their symbol around Grounds.
Surrounded by private homes and a city park, it is a popular recreation and fishing spot.
The title character was previously portrayed by Morgan Freeman in Kiss the Girls (1997) and Along Came a Spider (2001).
They are arranged by continents and divided by related hydrologic basins.
It may be done as a special effect, to modernize black-and-white films, or to restore color films.
Deder is one of the woredas in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia.
In 2006 Angeline was formed with first client Carolyn Dawn Johnson in a joint venture with Universal Music Canada.
Daan-Ghati is one of the two main temple structures in Goverdhan, near Mathura, India.
The sculpture was set in the cobblestone in February 1993 by an anonymous artist.
Around 1950, the company changed its name to Interstate Telephone Company.
Pusakot Chiudi is a village and market center Dullu Municipality in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal.
Community for three years, and in 2013 left to write for Modern Family.
Hapalocystis is a genus of fungi in the family Sydowiellaceae.
Outlaw King is an upcoming historical action drama about Robert the Bruce.
There are no clear paralogs in humans, but the gene has homologues widely conserved among animals, fungi, and algae.
UNITA was urged to transform itself into a political party and legal authority and human rights had to be respected.
Woodmere is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Nassau County, New York, United States.
He has been head coach of the England and Ireland national teams.
The mixtape was recorded in the dentist office of the grandfather of producer Parker Corey.
Little then went on to manage from 1993 to 2002, with seven seasons coming with York City.
Beginning in 2004, the capitol underwent a major restoration and renovation project.
Betanodaviruses cause a disease in fish called viral nervous necrosis (VNN) or viral encephalopathy and retinopathy (VER).
Associated expressions are "charm offensive", "turning on the charm" and "superficial smile".
Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45761.
The Girl from the Well is a young adult series of novels by Rin Chupeco.
About one third of them can be found in Mexico.
Special stains and spectroscopic methods must be utilized for identification of skin pigments affected by bismuth.
This is the only charity fistula treatment center in South Asia.
Following his NBA career, Spitzer played professionally for several years in France.
The extent to which limbs and organs are duplicated varies from case to case.
The heats and the final were held on 1 August.
State Fair is a 1945 American musical film directed by Walter Lang.
The stiff-spine spiny-rat, Proechimys echinothrix, or Tefe spiny rat, is a spiny rat species from South America.
The Goods were an American rock band formed in Miami, Florida, in 1989.
Ndimira, an ethnic Hutu from Ngozi province, is a member of the Union for National Progress (UPRONA) party.
It told the story of the discovery of the Ebola virus in 1976 and was broadcast on BBC Radio 4.
Robert John Inverarity (born 31 January 1944) is a former Australian cricketer who played six Test matches for Australia.
The cities of Arnhem and Nijmegen are built upon these hills.
Lidya Djaelawijaya (born 15 October 1974) is a former Indonesian badminton player, who play in the singles event.
The event was held from 30 August until 3 September.
She is the daughter of Los Angeles homeless advocate Ted Hayes.
It was here that many of the victims of the 2002 Bali bombings were treated.
A legislative election was held in Honduras in October 1930.
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2564 people living in 512 individual households.
It was developed by Zen Studios and published by Microsoft Studios.
Viriyur is a village Sankarapuram taluk, Villupuram District, Tamil Nadu, India, with a 2001 population of 5,019.
Masaya Inoue (born September 10, 1973) is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
The book is followed by Beyond the Core released in 2004 and Unstoppable in 2007.
From 2000 to 2011, he was the Bishop of Doncaster, a suffragan bishop in the Diocese of Sheffield.
Tarachodes alluaudi is a species of praying mantis in the genus Tarachodes.
Satapada on Chilika is home to the Irrawaddy dolphin (Orcaella brevirostris).
It was founded by Tarun Tejpal and Aniruddha Bahal in 2000 as a website.
The song has often been speculated to have been influenced by the 1948 Graham Greene novel of same name.
In perimetry, the observer's eye is considered to be at the center of an imaginary sphere.
This is a list of listed buildings in the parish of Abernyte in Perth and Kinross, Scotland.
Berthold Furtmeyr was a German miniaturist, attested as a citizen of Regensburg between 1470 and 1501.
STEM.org is an American multinational education company based in Southfield, Michigan.
Once the Kickers were relegated, Jeffrey finished off his career with stints in Toronto, and Carolina.
Bode won the overall Luge World Cup title in women's singles in 1995-6.
It was the final film produced by Sam Katzman, who passed away the following year.
Cross also felt it gratifying to kill off Connie, a character he created in the sixth series.
They learned often out of necessity how to prioritize, allocate and use common resources in combative situations.
Fearing the worst, Nonosbawsut became suspicious of being captured; he and the two Beothuks fled.
It was the 20th edition of the tournament and was held from April 5 through April 11, 1999.
After high school, Mossis went on to play college football at Oklahoma.
It was played between the Saskatchewan Roughriders and the Winnipeg Blue Bombers, with the Roughriders winning 23-19.
This is essentially a matter of logical reasoning, with high appeal for puzzle enthusiasts.
It was located on Lower Lake Island, also called Indian Island.
This can occur when there are three or more possible choices.
Luitjens was stripped of his Canadian citizenship and was deported to the Netherlands.
Crystal Bay Township was organized in 1904, and named after Crystal Bay.
While BOC-3 filings are relatively uniform, the process agent companies will vary.
It competes in the Antrim leagues and championships of the Gaelic Athletic Association, in gaelic football and Ladies' Gaelic football.
The film premiered on February 10, 2015 at the Thailand International Film Destination Festival.
She continues to sing around the Los Angeles area, most recently with her eldest daughter Hannah.
The horseman's pick was a weapon used by cavalry during the Middle Ages in Europe and the Middle East.
Escadrille 57 of the French Air Force was founded during World War I, on 10 May 1915.
He is also a faculty senior scientist at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory.
Critterding is an artificial life simulator created by Bob Winckelmans and released as open source under the GPL.
Orbigny is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Re-Recording is a technical award chosen ahead of the ceremonies.
King's College School Boat Club is the rowing club of King's College School, Wimbledon, London, England.
Christian Rapp (born 1964 in Vienna) is an Austrian author, cultural scientist and exhibition curator.
It is known from the Middle Ordovician of the eastern United States.
Leonid is the younger brother of fellow orienteer Valentin Novikov.
Satele has also played for the Oakland Raiders and Indianapolis Colts.
General Cemetery is the first full-length horror film in Peru.
Banker's acceptances smaller than this amount are referred to as odd lots.
Cardiff is an unincorporated community in Harford County, Maryland, United States.
Where very long books in codex format still need to be physically divided, the term volume is now normally used.
The arch was an ancient Himalayan scale mountain that towered above what is now Nittany Valley.
It was the site of a fort, but all the stone has been removed and the land is now cultivated.
Marie City Council, the governing body of the city of Sault Ste.
Kenepuru Hospital, the main hospital complex for Porirua, is located here.
In September 1623, a second colony led by Governor-General Robert Gorges was created in the abandoned site at Wessagusset.
Seaton Carew has held golf games since 1874, making it the tenth oldest golf club in England.
The album peaked at #7 on the Top New Age Albums chart.
Lewis referred to him as "THE creative rock 'n' roll drummer".
In a wider sense also nipple rings and some butt-plugs may be called genital jewelry.
Whelan's is a pub and music venue in Dublin, Ireland.
A total of fifteen special routes of U.S. Route 101 exist.
Anisotoma blanchardi is a species of round fungus beetle in the family Leiodidae.
Pug Jelly was a pop punk band, based in Singapore.
Numerous Hispanic small businesses operate in the area and many Hispanic families call Southwest Little Rock home.
The only known airplane was a Boeing 737-200, registered F-GHXK.
House Gymnastics is a sport created by James Robert Ford and Spencer Harrison.
Gubernatorial Election in Yaroslavl Oblast were held on 10 September 2017.
Home lifts are compact lifts for 2 to 6 persons.
Farside Cannon is a science fiction novel by American writer Roger McBride Allen.
Peter Roach (born 19 May 1975) is an Australian former cricketer.
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2880.
Bundy was drafted by the Orioles with the fourth overall pick in the 2011 Major League Baseball Draft.
He is an impaneled B+, drama voice of All India Radio Cuttack.
The first stamps of Natal after these were issued in 1859, with the Chalon head portrait of Queen Victoria.
Articles that don't fit neatly into the classification of areas used by the editorial process are still welcome.
Inscape is a provider of ACR services to Smart TV OEMs.
The honey frames are typically harvested in the late summer, when they will be most filled with honey.
Shortly thereafter, "Jatkuu niinkuin sade" became the second CMX song to top the Finnish singles chart.
The Duffer Brothers, Shawn Levy, and Dan Cohen serve as executive producers.
The first season, consisting of six episodes, premiered on April 13, 2015 on Comedy Central.com.
Pike's brother, Colin, eleven years his senior, played for Wiltshire in the Minor Counties Championship.
1998 World Field Archery Championships were held in Obergurgl, Austria.
He also played in the Arena Football League (AFL) from 1996 to 2006.
It is one of the four songs featured in the film that are not present in the original Broadway play.
Their music utilizes standard black metal elements mixed with more traditional Gallic instrumentation.
Cindy Gerard is an American author of romantic suspense and romance novels.
The song was ranked #49 on Billboard magazine's Top Hot 100 songs of 1959.
He has received a number of awards and accolades, and in 2010 Institutional Investor named him America's Top Healthcare CEO.
A voluminous compilation of folk tales collected and translated by the author.
In 2008, he was the oldest baseball player in the American League.
HBO Signature is a multiplex channel of HBO in Asia featuring Hollywood blockbuster movies, regardless of genre.
Look East is the BBC's regional television news program for the East of England.
Metal House maintains a loyal collector following worldwide by constantly introducing new models on a regular basis.
He was depicted as a man on his knees, holding up a solar disk.
Pop-up panels give a detailed account of the animal based on current palentological knowledge.
Sulfonylureas are also used experimentally to inhibit interleukin 1 beta release from the NALP3 (or NLRP3) inflammasome.
Perley A. Thomas, who died in 1958, was inducted into the North Carolina Hall of Fame.
JTAG implements standards for on-chip instrumentation in electronic design automation (EDA) as a complementary tool to digital simulation.
Agriocleptus is a small genus of assassin bugs (insects belonging to the family Reduviidae).
Jay Edwards is the state representative for the 94th District of the Ohio House of Representatives.
He was awarded the Goldman Environmental Prize in 2002, for his efforts on protecting the coastal ecosystems of Thailand.
Anthony is an American basketball forward who plays for the Oklahoma City Thunder of the National Basketball Association.
There is disagreement among historians and meteorologists whether the events were one storm or two distinct storms.
Quandara is a genus of moths of the family Noctuidae.
It includes a new default theme, known as "Breeze", as well as increased convergence across different devices.
To date, Berlin Heart produces the only device of its kind available for babies and children with severe heart failure.
"Ted" Relph is a Canadian geographer, best known for the book Place and Placelessness.
Cristian Antonio Agnelli (born 23 September 1985) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Foggia, as a midfielder.
It is currently being operated with 22887/22888 train numbers on weekly basis.
Welling Films (sometimes written as WF) is an American film production company and studio based in Houston, Texas.
It is the oldest school building in the city of Detroit.
Pulachaur is a market center in Beni Municipality in Myagdi District in the Dhaulagiri Zone of western-central Nepal.
Burke also runs Lungcast Records, a sporadically active independent record label.
Aniekan Udofia (born 1976) is a portrait artist known for his large-scale paintings and murals in the Washington, D.C. area.
The Old White Lion is a public house at 6 Bolton Street, Bury, Greater Manchester BL9 0LQ.
Reverend Freeborn Garrettson Hibbard (February 22, 1811 - January 27, 1895) was an American Methodist minister, theologian, and author.
Is a 2001 British made-for-TV film, based on the lives of holiday reps in Ibiza.
Karim Bourti is a citizen of Algeria, and former citizen of France, who was convicted of an association with terrorism.
Eencuentro Con El Milenio is the fourth studio album released by Los Mismos on November 16, 1999.
The majority of barracks had large central halls with rooms attached to either end.
These brands include MTV, VH1, Nickelodeon, Comedy Central, BET, VIVA, Colors and Game One.
A house-built engine is a large beam engine where the engine house itself forms the frame of the engine.
The Challenge badges are round whereas the Activity badges are square or diamond-shaped.
He adopted the principles of the Methodic school, but modified and developed them.
Lough Beagh (Irish: Loch Ghleann Bheatha), also known as Lough Veagh, is a freshwater lake in the northwest of Ireland.
Started in Yarmouth, Maine in the United States, the operation is now fully run and operated out of Annapolis, Maryland.
It is found in the Chaco of northern Argentina, Mato Grosso do Sul in Brazil, and Paraguay.
During the mid-2000s Miller consulted and worked with the offshore racing champion, Reggie Fountain and his company Fountain Powerboats.
The area was annexed by the City of Calgary in 1961 and the community was established in 1973.
It was followed by a third film, a direct-to-video sequel entitled Stuart Little 3: Call of the Wild in 2005.
As of 2014 she is leader of the African Sex Workers Alliance (ASWA) in Nigeria.
Susan (Sue) Lynne Decker (born November 17, 1962) is an American businesswoman.
He also made Football League appearances for Colchester United, Grimsby Town, Peterborough United and Bristol Rovers.
The most important CIO union, the National Mine Workers Union, joined the UWC.
Ho Yow was born in Hong Kong to a wealthy Guangzhou family.
Half of the Lunar Crater is on top of the large walled plain Fabry.
He is a grandson of the late Rabbi Leib Forer, the "Valbolneker Iluy".
Telecommunications in Togo include radio, television, fixed and mobile telephones, and the Internet.
Kerala State IT Mission (KSITM) is a government organization under Department of Information Technology, Kerala.
Signed to Too Pure in the United Kingdom, their albums were released by Elektra in the United States.
Forever: The Arcade Game is a beat 'em up video game based on the movie Batman Forever.
This is a list of Cornell Big Red football players in the NFL Draft.
From April 2003 to January 2007, he served as House Speaker.
Hesperevax acaulis is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name stemless dwarf cudweed.
The series aired from November 29, 2011 to March 6, 2013.
It is a very small agricultural town, located on gently rolling hills.
A community group the Hakarimata Restoration Trust created in 2001 is helping care for the range.
Piano Tiles 2 is a music arcade game, created by Hu Wen Zeng.
The contents of the cytotoxic granules function to permit entry of the granzymes into the target cell cytosol.
It has released charting records by Dylan LeBlanc, Nicole Atkins, Penny & Sparrow, and John Paul White.
The series follows professional and personal life of successful TV news anchor Mary Jane Paul, who lives in Atlanta, Georgia.
New Town is near the New Echota historic site, which was formerly part of the Cherokee Nation.
Supersingular K3 surfaces can be considered the most special and interesting of all K3 surfaces.
This hybrid of experimental and clinical science is intended to improve the quality of life for Parkinson patients.
It can also be converted via the intermediate compound MDP2P into the psychoactive drug MDMA ('ecstasy').
The forum is a successor to the Northern People's Congress, which collapsed after the coup of 1966.
It is a part of the California Trade and Commerce Agency, formerly the Business, Transportation, and Housing Agency.
The 1904 Virginia Cavaliers football team represented the University of Virginia in the 1904 college football season.
She has also worked as a cheerleader for the Carolina Hurricanes, one of the few who could skate.
A Legendary Performer Volume 4 is a compilation album featuring recordings by American singer Elvis Presley.
I was the crew launch vehicle that was being developed by NASA as part of the Constellation program.
The Georgetown Hoyas football team represents Georgetown University in the Division I Football Championship Subdivision level of college football.
Neilly was born in Abermain, New South Wales, the son of politician George Neilly.
The Mixed Doubles event at the 2018 South American Games was held from 30 May to 2 June.
Minlaton is a town in central Yorke Peninsula, South Australia.
Queen Square is an office building in downtown Dartmouth, Nova Scotia, part of the Halifax Regional Municipality.
Wallenia is a genus of plant in the family Primulaceae.
Splendid Isolation is the second studio album recorded by Yonderboi.
Middle America is a region in the mid-latitudes of the Americas.
Almost Chess is a chess variant invented by Ralph Betza in 1977.
He also represented the English national team eleven times at youth level.
The film was released on December 9, 1938, by RKO Pictures.
They are located in Nerang, Queensland on the Gold Coast.
Actor Kiefer Sutherland portrays Jack Bauer in the television show and video game.
Kondor No.202 will be operated by the Russian military, and carries a radar imaging payload.
According to the 1996 census the department has a total population of 21,879.
She now divides her time between Toronto and Los Angeles.
Rajiv Gandhi School of Intellectual Property Law (RGSOIPL) is a law school based at the Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur.
Manhasset Stable ceased operations following the death of Sandra Payson in 2004.
Faraz Ahmed (born 16 October 1984) is a Pakistani first-class cricketer who plays for Karachi cricket team.
It was founded in Berlin, October 1918, inspired by High Church theses Stimuli et Clavi 1917 by Heinrich Hansen.
Positive Behavior Support (PBS) is a structured, open-ended model that many parents and schools follow.
It is served by the S-Bahn lines S 41 and S 42 and the U-Bahn line U 9.
He has also been a Radio 4 announcer and presenter.
2018 Individual Long Track/Grasstrack World Championship is the 48th edition of the FIM speedway Individual Long Track World Championship.
The hardware synthesizer chip was designed around the HD-1, one of the various engines in the Korg OASYS.
Transnational threats grounded on technological progress including international terrorism and cyber attacks are also increasing their significance.
Embrittlement is a loss of ductility of a material, making it brittle.
He is the grandson of Mr. Varadha Gounder, who is the landlord in the village.
His experiments in structure, concern for materials and means of building reached their apogee at St Andrew's.
He currently lives in Bloomington, Minnesota and curls out of the St. Paul Curling Club.
The favored British candidate Mohamed Ali Khan Walajan was recognized as the Nawab of the Carnatic.
The film was released on December 15, 1948, by United Artists.
In 2015 he was publicly recognized when invited to speak during the Pritzker Military Museum's ON WAR Military History Symposium.
Since 1 July 2007, it has been released as free software under the terms of the GNU General Public License.
He recently taught music at the Singapore Indian Fine Arts Society.
He also won the Italian Cup in 1988, and the Italian league championship with Juvecaserta, in 1991.
Alan Pichot (born 13 August 1998) is an Argentine chess grandmaster.
Moved to Auckland in 1969 and played drums in a couple of covers bands and Alastair Riddell's band, Orb.
Les Enfants Sauvages is a live album by French Death Metal band Gojira that was released in 2014.
There is also available the special types of rice which is known as "palte" in local language .
The antenna is mechanically rotated for azimuth but electronically scanned for elevation.
Alexander appears to have been named after King Alexander III of Scotland.
Deer Island shares its coastline with not only the Bay of Fundy, but also Passamaquoddy Bay to its north.
Bell County Schools is the school district for Bell County, Kentucky, United States.
The Shirley Jackson Awards are literary awards named after Shirley Jackson in recognition of her legacy in writing.
Construction of own building for the Vidyalaya started in 1998 and the building was taken over in March 2001.
Her former ward now forms part of her Bradford South constituency.
It is written and presented by Jeremy Musson, an architectural historian and journalist with Country Life.
Nucula gallinacea is a saltwater nut clam, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Nuculidae.
Parent company Franchise Brands LLC includes HomeVestors and the Subway sandwich restaurant franchise in its portfolio.
He represents the electoral district of Kootenay East as a member of the British Columbia Liberal Party caucus.
In 2003, Mico de Noche was named one of the top 10 metal bands by the Seattle Weekly.
Athens is a town in Mercer County, West Virginia, United States.
She could be sworn in as Chief Minister only as MLA seat.
Solstice of Oppression is the first studio release by technical death metal band Oppressor.
Joanna is the daughter of Harvard University economist Ricardo Hausmann, and journalist Ana Julia Jatar.
During this period, it often broke off in rebellion into a semi-autonomous state.
In March 2013, she departed Wilhelmshaven for Mangalia, Romania for repairs which were finished in July 2014.
He is known for his research on gender stereotypes, gender roles, and implicit biases.
Thiamine pyrophosphate is a cofactor that is present in all living systems, in which it catalyzes several biochemical reactions.
As the top two teams qualified for the World Cup, Mexico and the U.S. went to the finals in Brazil.
Erika Flores (born November 2, 1979 in Grass Valley, California) is an American former child actress.
They have released three studio albums so far, which are all concept albums.
His FIS Ski Jumping World Cup debut took place in December 2011 at the Four Hills Tournament in Oberstdorf.
Somatidia testacea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
The district covers most of the town of White Oak as well as a small portion of Clarksville City.
It was the largest publisher of daily regional newspapers, free local newspapers and special interest magazines in the Netherlands.
Agrilus duncani is a species of metallic wood-boring beetle in the family Buprestidae.
The two-story Italianate-style brick structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
Nathan Burke was the final bassist, before the reunion, for Frodus.
Several of his books have earned broad-based critical acclaim and advanced novel viewpoints.
The fly has a grayish black body and yellow-brown legs.
It is a very famous village with a population of around 1000.
Community Chickens is a joint Mother Earth News and Grit online magazine published by Ogden Publications in Topeka, Kansas.
There are around 5,000 people of Armenian descent living in Switzerland.
It could accommodate 32 passengers, or 16 in sleeper cabins, and was the last flying boat built by the company.
Additionally, floods can be local, impacting a neighborhood or community, or very large, affecting entire river basins.
Trevor Donovan took on the part from June 1, 2007, to October 17, 2007.
It is located in the town of Nivelles in Province of Walloon Brabant, Belgium.
He was the brother of the first Baronet of the 1815 creation.
Live to Worship is a Christian worship music album by Lincoln Brewster released on May 17, 2000 by Vertical Music.
The other single, "A Love Song", didn't fare as well, only reaching #47 on the Billboard Hot 100.
The first open dental customer bought the technical support services on July 22, 2003.
This is a list of heads of state, heads of governments, and other rulers in the year 1393.
He served in the State Assembly as a Democrat from 1979 to 1993.
The EP was highly anticipated worldwide, receiving rave reviews from music bloggers.
Other titles Tondo has contributed to include Gung Ho, The Secret Saturdays and Mulan II.
The world population is estimated to be 634,000 to 805,000 birds and is classified as Near Threatened.
Rajadih is a village in Sheohar district of Bihar state of India.
A total of 19 of these competitions were held between 1976 and 1988, all of which were aired by ABC.
The tune "Brenda Stubbert's Reel", written by Jerry Holland, was named for her.
In 1837 he was created Baron Moreton, of Tortworth in the County of Gloucester, and Earl of Ducie.
They believe the EC uses this process to bypass public transparency and the supposed opposition the proposed legislation would cause.
Colonel Bagshot were an English rock band formed in the late 1960s in Liverpool, England.
With a budget of $43 million, it is the most expensive animated film co-produced in South Korea.
The company claims the distillery is the oldest continuously-operating distillery in the United States.
Yvon d'Anjou (born June 12, 1940 in Montreal, Quebec) is a French Canadian artist based in Quebec City.
This is also where the Welsh High Performance Squad train.
Rishangles is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England.
Edgelaw Reservoir is an artificial reservoir in Midlothian, Scotland, UK, four miles west of Temple.
Archeologists have dated the ceremonial site's construction to approximately 100 BCE to 500 CE.
United Learning is the trading name for United Church Schools Trust (UCST) and United Learning Trust (ULT).
Solar eclipses on the Moon are caused when the Earth passes in front of the Sun, blocking its light.
In January 2006, the Amarillo Comedy Club shut down after the death of co-owner, comedian, and Key's mentor, Kelly Moran.
It is a stimulant that affects the Central nervous system by causing increased alertness and heart rate.
The population of the civil parish at the 2011 census was 163.
Will Smith's 1999 release was recorded specifically for Smith's summer blockbuster Wild Wild West.
The company is named after the Viking ruler of Normandy, Ganger Rolf.
Baptisms associated with the church took place in Brier Creek, about one mile to the north.
The strata of which Castle Rock consists were laid down about 200 million years ago.
Spero Dedes (born February 27, 1979 in Paramus, New Jersey) is an American sportscaster.
In 2013 a commercial version of SafeDNS products for home and corporate users was launched.
The film was nominated Grammy Award for Best Music Film at the 42nd Annual Grammy Awards in 2000.
To coincide with the release of Planets, Short Stack performed the song live at Federation Square in Melbourne.
Oljoro is an administrative ward in the Arumeru district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania.
The creator of the show, Steven Levitan, made it clear that Anderson-Emmons never really said "f-word"; instead she said "fudge".
It specialized in long term and respite care for elderly people who had experienced a stroke or those with dementia.
Small-bodied hybrid guitars like the Steinberger Synapse SP2FA can double as travel guitars.
Thomas is an unincorporated community in Derrynane Township, Le Sueur County, Minnesota, United States.
They are large-eyed, slender ants, found mainly in tropical and subtropical regions of the New World.
The Order was dissolved upon the collapse of the Qajar dynasty.
Matthew Bourne's The Car Man is a dance production by British choreographer Matthew Bourne.
Last of the Summer Wines tenth series aired on BBC1.
This particular masterbatch produces a conductive, anti-static plastic hollow board sheet.
Brewer was re-elected to a second four-year term on April 5, 2011 .
Commercial insolvency in Canada has options and procedures that are distinct from those available in consumer insolvency proceedings.
An event of the same name was played in 2014 and 2015 as part of PGA Tour China.
TMNT is a single-player action-adventure multi-platform action game starring the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Together with the Istana, it was gazetted a national monument on 14 February 1992.
Francesco Bissolo (1470-72 - 20 April 1554) was a Venetian painter of the Renaissance.
The team competed at the 2003 ISF Junior Women's World Championship in Nanjing, China where they finished ninth.
Penamaluru mandal is one of the 50 mandals in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
It is a left tributary of the Moselle at Treis-Karden.
The York Pioneers Historical Society is Ontario's oldest historical society, and the second oldest historical society in Canada.
"September Morn'" ranks as the 90th biggest U.S. charting single of 1980.
Based on the excavations, the burials were made between the years 500 AD and 1200 AD.
From these measurements, two orientations of the FMO complex relative to the RC are possible.
Lepisanthes tetraphylla is a tree of India and Sri Lanka and other South Asian countries.
Balsa has a graphical front end, support for MIME attachments coming and going, directly supports POP3 and IMAP protocols.
Speech repetition occurs in the dorsal speech processing stream while speech perception occurs in the ventral speech processing stream.
Goran Paracki (born 21 January 1987 in Pula) is a Croatian football player who plays for Neftchi Baku.
He at first served in the Royal Navy but later became a priest.
The theory was offered by Harberger (1950) and Laursen and Metzler (1950).
The current overlay set is targeted toward military mission planning users and is oriented towards aviators and aviation support personnel.
The film was not fully released until 2011, when it was released under the new title Game of Life.
It is widely distributed around the world, especially in the tropics, and with many species in subtropical and temperate regions.
In 1985 Hurricane Gloria touched down in the New England area and damaged the stern of the Goulart.
Each IP datagram exchange is unidirectional, although IP and TCP allow for bidirectional communication within their protocols.
Go for Sisters is a 2013 crime drama, written and directed by John Sayles.
Mammatus are a psychedelic rock band from Santa Cruz, California.
The Southern Football League is an Australian rules football league based in Tasmania, Australia.
Inermocoelotes brevispinus is a spider species in the family Agelenidae, found in Bulgaria.
The song "Reminds Me Of You" (Moore/Paul Speer) was featured in the independent movie Minimal Knowledge.
Trefeiddan Moor is a Site of Special Scientific Interest (or SSSI) in Pembrokeshire, South Wales.
Linearity of graded responses to quantitative stimuli, e.g. in linear regression.
He is also a motivational speaker on international development, .
He was a cabinet minister in the New Democratic Party governments of Edward Schreyer and Howard Pawley.
There are also many motifs specific to male sex determination and spermatogenic factors, suggesting that it is involved in development.
The country currently has five parishes and the bishop hopes to open two more.
Burt Eugene Skeel was a United States Army Air Service and civilian pilot.
Mark Bowden (born 1979, South Wales) is a British composer of classical music.
Earl Klugh is the debut album by jazz guitarist Earl Klugh, released in 1976.
It features a projecting center bay, plate-glass storefront windows, and a centered front entrance with original glass-block entrance surround.
They are of fundamental importance in semigroup theory because they are used to classify certain classes of simple semigroups.
The Mughal Road from Shopian circles around the origin of the Poonch River and runs along its banks.
Eulima crassiuscula is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
Certain Unions are composed of local congregations, without intervening local conferences/missions.
When Bangladesh separated, it was cut off from Northeastern India, the parent body.
The screenplay was written by Anita Loos and was based upon a 1937 play by Rachel Crothers.
More complicated aggregations have also been observed, such as rhombohedral, tetragonal and orthorhombic phases.
Located in Nova Lima, the mine produced ore for 125 years.
The power station has been subject to controversy in Norway, based upon the potential increase in emission of greenhouse gasses.
For most of the year, both males and females have silver sides and whitish abdomens.
Adams Township is a township in Mower County, Minnesota, United States.
The Selimiye Mosque (Turkish: Selimiye Camii) is an Ottoman imperial mosque, which is located in the city of Edirne, Turkey.
This species has a wingspan of 14-18mm and looks related to Idaea lilliputaria (Warren,1902) in shape and general aspect.
Since then, the journal has appeared annually and, since 1991, twice a year.
He and his wife, the former Kathy Bradshaw, are the parents of ten children.
Topology was a peer-reviewed mathematical journal covering topology and geometry.
The Zodiac Sessions is the first compilation album by American doom metal band Orchid.
She is the LAS Distinguished Professor at the Department of Philosophy, University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC).
Roberta Pinna, is an Italian national contemporary artist and art adviser whose work explores gender, sexuality and identity.
The Main Street Historic District was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
Merrillite is a calcium phosphate mineral with the chemical formula Ca9NaMg(PO4)7.
Beaver is a single-engined high-wing propeller-driven short takeoff and landing (STOL) aircraft developed and manufactured by de Havilland Canada.
Sainthamarathu Divisional Secretariat is a Divisional Secretariat of Ampara District, of Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.
USS Palomas (IX-91) was a two-masted, steel hulled, Miscellaneous Unclassified-Schooner in service with the United States Navy.
Steven Mickail Johnson Jr. (born March 28, 1988) is an American football linebacker who is currently a free agent.
It is often considered a subspecies of the Chilean seaside cinclodes.
She started her bike racing career in BMX, competing for thirteen years including two as a professional.
The passband of a receiver is the range of frequencies it can receive.
Law played eleven first-team games for West Brom; the team did not lose any of them.
He was originally signed by the Jacksonville Jaguars as an undrafted free agent in 2005.
Stonyhurst College is located near to Hurst Green, within the parish.
The Oscar-nominated movie, Hacksaw Ridge, was released in 2016 and is a dramatized account of Doss' life.
It automatically acquired and tracked the ISS using only knowledge about its shape.
Moshe Levy (1927-2015) was an Israeli professor of Chemistry at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot, Israel.
The song, produced by Mr. Lee, features fellow southern rappers Rick Ross, David Banner and 8Ball & MJG.
Regular service on the Montpelier branch was discontinued in 1938 and replaced with a bus line.
Michael Roberts (born 17 May 1954) is a South African jockey currently a trainer in South Africa.
She is most known for her appearance as Lauren Waters, from ITV's Britannia High.
Russula persanguinea is a species of agaric fungus in the family Russulaceae.
Those who are most susceptible are people who have close contact with cats.
Evolutionary Operation (EVOP) is a manufacturing process-optimization technique developed in the 1950s by George E. P. Box.
McKinley umpired 2,977 major league games in his 20-year career.
This station is also served by Dallas Area Rapid Transit (DART).
The name Bellsquarry comes from the local limestone quarry and the owner Mr Bell.
Withrotor Airport (FAA LID: 22OG) is a private Airport located 6 miles northwest of Lakeview in Lake County, Oregon, USA.
The United States and Canada release date was a day later, on May 22, 2007.
The album was produced by MC Hammer and James Earley, and it peaked at #126 on the Billboard 200.
Some screenings are shown in the second largest city of Lithuania - Kaunas at local "Forum Cinemas" center.
Charles-Joseph Pasquier (1882-1953), known by his stage name of Bach, was a French actor, singer and music hall performer.
He now has a son named Ryan who is playing high school basketball for Concordia Lutheran.
The Marshall Field Garden Apartments is a large non-governmental subsidized housing project in the Old Town neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois.
Iragna is a former municipality in the district of Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Laser-assisted device alteration (LADA) is a laser-based timing analysis technique used in the failure analysis of semiconductor devices.
The faithful climb up to the temple and obtain Darshan of the shivling and obtain blessings of the Lord.
He started out as a lawyer and became well known for his good skills.
The Portland Winter Light Festival is an annual winter light festival in Portland, Oregon, in the United States.
The Fire Raisers is a 1934 British drama film directed by Michael Powell.
Although the original fully automatic Thompsons are no longer produced, numerous semi-automatic civilian versions are still being manufactured by Auto-Ordnance.
They destroy bone through a rapid, transient (relative to osteoclasts) mechanism called osteocytic osteolysis.
This is because damaging aftershocks can occur after the initial quake, and rarely, it may be foreshock.
Inarwa, Sagarmatha is a Village Development Committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal.
There is a music school connected to the conservatory where students can practice implementing their teaching skills.
Diskjokke (also spelled diskJokke) is the stage name of Joachim Dyrdahl, the Norwegian disk jockey and record producer.
Hallaxa apefae is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Actinocyclidae.
New Indian Model School was started in 1988 and is located in Al Garhoud, Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
As of the 2010 census, the county population was 21,603.
Stefan Kaufmann (born 4 August 1960) is a German musician.
He served as Alauddin Khalji's governor of Malwa and Devagiri, and after Alauddin's death, suppressed a revolt in Gujarat.
Common names include holly grevillea, prickly grevillea or variable prickly grevillea.
Busey and his wife currently live in Surrey, British Columbia.
It is native to medium and higher elevations in west-central Guyana.
N. S. Harsha (born 1969) is a contemporary Indian artist from and based in Mysore.
After garnering enough attention from the EP, the band was given the opportunity to record their debut full-length album, Shapes.
Positron Records is an independent record label based in Chicago, Illinois.
Brandon & Byshottles was reconstituted as an Urban District through the Local Government Act 1894.
The aggressive marketing strategy also received a lot of criticism.
The title Vatanitawake is the i cavuti (chiefly title) of Viwa Island, Yasawa, Fiji.
Aashi goes on journey of adopting parents and the difficulties she face in the journey.
He flew 269 combat missions from Da Nang Air Base, South Vietnam, including 79 missions over North Vietnam.
Her PhD at the same institution concerned the structure of phonology in a second language.
The TMAS has been shown to have high test-retest reliability.
He competed in 15 NASCAR Busch Series (now Xfinity Series) races spread throughout in the 1980s and 1990s.
In the past there was considerable debate in academia and industry on the merits of the use of goto statements.
Wavegen Limited (later Voith Hydro Wavegen Limited) was a wave energy company based in Inverness, Scotland.
Most parts of the estate are Rijksmonuments, including the coach house itself.
Glangleu was a commune until March 2012, when it became one of 1126 communes nationwide that were abolished.
Bart Township is a township in southeastern Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Manifesto of Lacuna Coil is a compilation album by Italian alternative metal band Lacuna Coil, released on 27 February 2009.
Cannabis in Connecticut is illegal for recreational use, but possession of small amounts is decriminalized.
Mike Jackson (born March 6, 1978) is a United States politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
It is one of the largest and longest (usually May - July) patriotic celebrations in the nation.
Super Morph is a 1993 Super Nintendo Entertainment System puzzle video game released by Millennium Entertainment.
The CEP is comprehensive, covering goods, services, investment and technical and hygiene/quarantine barriers to trade in goods.
The race consisted of thirty length of the pool in freestyle.
Colonial Hotel, also known as Inn at Wise Courthouse, is a historic hotel building located in Wise, Wise County, Virginia.
The absolute threshold is the lowest amount of sensation detectable by a sense organ.
David Andrew Rankin (born 2 August 1987) is an Irish cricketer.
The plan involved a "grueling journey around the southern edge of the Great Sand Sea" but ended in failure.
It is the paper of record in Kings County, New Brunswick and is published on Tuesdays.
There is a small stream of water there which while brackish had been drinkable.
It is south of the town center and is home to the Commonweal School, a secondary school with academy status.
They feed on the inner epidermis and mesophyll of these leaflets from within their shelter.
This dialog helped to expand information technology innovations and to reduce the consequences of sexism.
The club moved to the USISL Premier League in 1995.
Anecdotal accounts of using this soap also suggest that it is not effective as a delivery method for caffeine.
Asarum crispulatum is a species of plant in the Aristolochiaceae family.
The women's marathon at the 2003 All-Africa Games was held on October 16.
Serixia aurulenta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
In 2012, Vig ranked number nine in NME's Top 50 Greatest Producers Ever.
The Tuskers appeared in the first two UFL Championship Games, losing both to the Las Vegas Locomotives.
Also appearing in the series were Caitlin Clarke and Robert Forster.
It was recorded at Colorado's Bellco Theater in Denver on November 5, 2016.
She also served as the Minister of State in the Vice President's Office for Environment from 2010 to 2014.
He averaged 6.8 points, 4.8 rebounds, two assists and 1.3 steals per game.
The show was reformatted and produced in the United States by Y27 Entertainment for ABC.
A few years later she returned and began working at CKVR-TV in Barrie, followed by her joining CITY-TV in Toronto.
It is mostly a black-and-white film, except for one dream sequence: the song "Kya Janoo Sajan" was shot in color.
Willian is a small village in North Hertfordshire, with a population of approximately 326.
It enjoys a high degree of domestic, legislative and political autonomy through its ancient Parliament Tynwald.
The "Letters to the Editors" were humorous and were always written by the editors, and not by readers.
The theory addresses the need to educate people for the knowledge age society, in which knowledge and innovation are pervasive.
A number of RISC OS bundled applications are delivered with purchased versions of the operating system.
London Plus was the name of the BBC's regional news program for southeastern England.
Its interior floor is level and has the same low albedo as the lunar mare to the northwest.
Hosted by Canadian comedian Danny Dean, it was a variety series featuring local and overseas performers.
The Tremont Nail Company was a nail manufacturing company located in Wareham, Massachusetts from 1819 to 2006.
It was issued on CD in 1997 by A&M and distributed only in Germany.
Alfred is a free mobile app that turns Android and iOS devices into home security cameras.
Tylozygus geometricus is a species of sharpshooter in the family Cicadellidae.
The women's K-4 500 m event debuted at these championships.
It is a small shrub, with many stems at its base, oblong leaves and scented, fluffy, yellow and white flowers.
Uxu is a village in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China.
He played parts of three seasons in the major leagues from 1977 until 1979, all for the Minnesota Twins.
Mandy Lee Cho (born 2 September 1982 in Sacramento County, California) is a Hong Kong beauty contestant and television personality.
A constitutional referendum was held in Cameroon on 21 February 1960.
Nola minna, the ceanothus nola moth, is a species of nolid moth in the family Nolidae.
This skill could then be used to translate captured documentation and aid the American war effort.
Malodorant compositions have a toxicity category rating of III or higher.
Previously it was assigned the ISO 3166-2 code GB-IOM under the entry for the United Kingdom.
In Latin lucem ferre means "to bear light" and lucis means of light.
Larson International is a designer and manufacturer of amusement rides based in Plainview, Texas.
He was selected best volleyball player in the world of the 1989/1990 season.
Les Chics Types is a French rock band originating in Lyon.
The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 5.10 USD a month.
Galium boreale or northern bedstraw is a plant species of the Rubiaceae.
He competed in the team time trial and the 1000m time trial events at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
God Must Be Crazy is a 2015 philosophical, psychological thriller directed by V. Jayashankarr, and stars Vinod Varma, Shashank Mouli.
It was first broadcast on television by the ARD on 2 December 1958.
She was born in Penang, Malaya (now Malaysia) on 9 December 1957.
The other two isomers have the connectivity 2,3'- and 3,3'-.
This is a list of diseases of foliage plants belonging to the family Gesneriaceae.
Combs Ford is a suburb of Stowmarket in Suffolk, England.
He also played in Super League for English club Hull F.C..
The series concluded on January 15, 2016 with a total of 418 episodes.
He served in the South Carolina House of Representatives from 1970 to 1980, representing Richland County, South Carolina.
It is about a boy, Stanley, who runs away from home and joins the circus.
David's most famous aircraft was the CAC Boomerang used by the Royal Australian Air Force during the Pacific War.
As of September 28, 2014, WIMN-CD, changeed its branding to JLTV Puerto Rico.
Arthur William Carton (born November 16, 1886, date of death missing) was a Canadian politician.
Lal Matir Sorane or Lala Matir Sarane is a 2003 Bengali song album of Silajit Majumder.
When ARPA issued a Request for Proposal for the ARPANET, he joined the group that wrote the winning proposal.
Finally, on November 1, 1953, Edwin told Marion that he had used up almost all his financial resources.
The structure formerly housed a museum recording the history of Rutland Water, which is now located in the visitor center.
Also known as (Ichheshwor Mahadev) is a pilgrimage site atop the Chandragiri Hill.
Munuk Airport is a regional airport located in Ayan, Khabarovsk Krai, Russia.
However, critics faulted the boss designs and the repetitiveness of the gameplay.
MECC had its headquarters in the Brookdale Corporate Center in Brooklyn Center, Minnesota.
Contraction alkalosis refers to the increase in blood pH that occurs as a result of fluid losses (volume contraction).
The Denver Young Artists Orchestra Association (DYAO) is one of the leading youth orchestras in the United States today.
It was listed originally on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 and relisted in 1997.
It also contains references to contemporary reviews of her books.
He was selected in the 2009 Junior All Blacks for the Pacific Nations Cup.
Being Mrs Elliot is a 2014 Nigerian romantic comedy film, co-produced and directed by Omoni Oboli.
Jones's works have concentrated on the historical evolution of globalization, international banking and trading, and foreign direct investment by multinationals.
Probable C->U-editing enzyme APOBEC-2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the APOBEC2 gene.
As Sadr is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.
Tiborg (born 27 July 1980), also known as Julien Thomas, is a French singer-songwriter, musician, record producer and DJ.
At least some species of Phrynidae hold territories that they defend from other individuals.
It was designed as a pilot of a weekly TV series starring Don Murray.
In 1999, Virgin Records asked the band members for their input on a "greatest hits" package.
Tegera Stockholm FIM Speedway Grand Prix was the 10th race of the 2015 Speedway Grand Prix season.
It is the first Genesis song to use a drum machine.
Shortly after the book's publication, Steven Spielberg acquired the option on the film rights for DreamWorks Pictures.
He is also the co-founder of the instrumental ensemble Noszferatu.
Gordon Food Service (GFS) is a foodservice distributor based in Wyoming, Michigan serving the eastern half of the United States.
Vildledt Elskov is a 1911 Danish silent film directed by August Blom under the Nordisk Films banner.
The band emerged from a mountain biking-based friendship between Jason and his neighborhood bike shop owner.
The film was remade in Malayalam as Aakashamittayi (2017) with Jayaram playing the main lead.
The subsequent processes involve main filtration and intermediate de-watering, after which the main filtrate is collected.
This list was compiled from the source listed in the References section.
The population of the community which is named after the village of Llanfihangel-y-Pennant was 339 at the 2011 census.
Anthracite is a ghost town located within Banff National Park in southern Alberta, Canada.
The call letters were changed to WPHX after being purchased by Phoenix Media/Communications Group in 1999.
This is a list of incumbent Presidents who ran for another term but weren't reelected.
The station is on the Central line between Fairlop and Grange Hill stations.
The double CD contains 31 Christmas songs performed by top Contemporary Christian Music artists.
The Kudz Ze Kayah mine is a proposed lead and zinc mine in Canada.
The film uses music originally used for Wood's Plan 9 from Outer Space (1959).
Haradanahalli Devegowda Kumaraswamy (born 16 December 1959) is an Indian politician and current Chief Minister of Karnataka.
The 32 London Boroughs are divided into four "Links", with each Link covering eight boroughs.
Inca mythology includes many stories and legends that attempt to explain or symbolize Inca beliefs.
N. canariense is able to produce siderophores in vitro like N. seropedicae.
It was created on 18 April 1901 for Wyndham Portal, Chairman of the London and South Western Railway Company.
Sir Charles Nicholas Mander, 4th Baronet (born 23 March 1950) is a British baronet.
It also has more than 200,000 outpatient visits and services and 50,000 emergency department visits annually.
However, the election came to nothing, as Walter died without confirmation that very same Christmas.
Joel Cedergren (born 22 July 1974) is a Swedish football manager and former player.
She was sentenced to three years in prison for fraud.
The Downtown Grand is the centerpiece of Downtown3rd, a new neighborhood and entertainment district under development in downtown Las Vegas.
The Soviet Union national under-16 and under-17 basketball team was a national basketball team of the Soviet Union.
Darwin established relatives ages for rock units in the high Andes near Potillo.
Established in 1997, on land originally bought from the Leni Lenape Indians in 1683 by William Penn.
Horaiclavus anaimus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horaiclavidae.
This species is found along the northeastern coast of North America, from Nova Scotia to Connecticut.
Greater Giyani Local Municipality is located in the Mopani District Municipality of Limpopo province, South Africa.
Pacific Blue is a member of the group of Pacific dyes, which includes Pacific Orange, Pacific Green, and Pacific Blue.
Marc McKee is an American graphic artist known for his stylistic cartoon skateboard deck designs during the 1980s and 1990s.
As of 2005, Tisdall worked for an ethical property company developing accommodation for charitable organizations and community groups.
Dolichandrone atrovirens, also known as wavy trumpet flower, is a deciduous tree in the Bignoniaceae family.
It was one of two principal stock exchanges in Montenegro, the other being the Montenegro Stock Exchange, also in Podgorica.
It stars Rajendra Prasad and Rajani in the lead roles, with music composed by Raj-Koti.
Initially the album was only released digitally, but it was released on CD on 4 July 2011.
Hunt was to stay there until the annual Astoria resupply ship stopped there, on which he could return to Astoria.
It is regarded as one of the world's most important causes of intellectual and physical retardation.
Ford is attempting to reduce fixed capital costs while maintaining a special focus on cars and car-based crossover vehicles.
The mountain has glaciers on its east, west and north sides.
Castiarina turneri Barker 1983 is a beetle (Order Coleoptera) in the Family Buprestidae, otherwise known as jewel beetles.
Up Australia Limited is a not-for-profit Australian environmental conservation organization founded by Australians Ian Kiernan and Kim McKay in 1989.
Kadhal Samrajyam is an unreleased Tamil comedy film which was shot from 2001 onwards.
This is a list of trade unions and union federations by country.
Nayan was a prince of the Borjigin royal family of the Mongol Empire.
The fossils were collected at the Gurilyn tsav locality, northwest corner of Umnogobi Aimak, Mongolia.
The project produced one album called Psychotic Reaction, which contained mainly cover versions of popular songs from the era.
The Model 7600 is a progression from the original Model 760 pump-action rifle which Remington produced from 1952 to 1981.
His teammates included Eric Akogyiram, Salaam Gariba and Emmanuel Tuffour, as well as Nelson Boateng on the Olympic team.
A sequel to this domestic sitcom, Life with the Lyons, debuted on BBC radio and television in November 1950.
The Great Northern Railway (Ireland) opened the station on 1 October 1925.It closed on 14 October 1957.
Passaloecus is a genus of wasps in the family Crabronidae.
The South African Police Service (SAPS) is the national police force of the Republic of South Africa.
It dropped off the chart after just two weeks and has sold over 22,000 copies as of 2013.
The awards are affectionately referred to as 'The Neddies' within the community.
He was signed by the Carolina Panthers as an undrafted free agent in 2012.
Nations Security Council Resolution 1862 was unanimously adopted on 14 January 2009.
Nord-100 was a 16-bit minicomputer series made by Norsk Data, introduced in 1979.
The Brahmin Dogras are predominantly Saraswat Brahmins, genetically of common origin with Saraswat Brahmins of Kashmir.
The Jaffa is also cultivated in Cyprus, Iraq, Lebanon, Syria, Jordan and Turkey.
Its terms of service were similar to the Territorial Army of the UK.
It mainly consists of Radisson Blu Falconer Hotel & Conference Center.
The Rolleiflex SL66 is a single lens reflex camera made by Rollei, in regular production from 1966-82.
The first season of Designing Women premiered on CBS on September 29, 1986, and concluded on May 11, 1987.
She was the first Navy ship to fly the Geneva Red Cross flag.
Rajinder Nagar (often spelled Rajender Nagar or Rajinder Nagar) is a residential colony in West Delhi Delhi, India.
He was editor of Rugby World magazine and the IRB World Rugby Yearbook.
The speech provides our best evidence about the use of imprisonment as a punishment in Classical Athens.
Dark fiber networks may be used for private networking, or as Internet access or infrastructure.
As of February 2013, the majority of the women were from Italy.
It was most recently updated in the first regular session of the 53rd legislature.
They are small, nonvenomous snakes, with all members being endemic to Africa, especially Tanzania.
The song "Indian Flute" contains an uncredited sample of "Curura" by Toto la Momposina.
HMS Walmer Castle was a Castle-class corvette constructed for the British Royal Navy during the Second World War.
The ship was laid down on 27 December 1942, then launched on 26 January 1943.
It also emerged as South East Asia's No.1 Tamil radio station by beating Minnal FM and Singapore based Oli 96.8FM.
In 2014, she helped the Florida State Seminoles win their first-ever NCAA College Cup.
Filterheadz are a Techno DJ and producer duo from Leuven, Belgium.
In 1993, the company was bought by the Royal Bank of Canada.
The award was first awarded in 2014 under the title Vijay Television Awards for Favorite Comedy Team.
These products were released in the VHS, Laserdisc, and Betamax home video formats.
Mimapomecyna flavostictica is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
It was established in 1975 to distribute his work after he had been released by Capitol Records.
During the recording sessions for Achtung Baby, guitarist the Edge separated from his wife, Aislinn O'Sullivan.
